E-STAM P

-siãijjng
•

A PROJECT

V(NuE

H,

(Our

00

H

HUU

E-Stamp ID
Stamp Type
Amount:

UU

Oh

PB-LH R-1DC4D12AD7A6AAE7
Low Denomination
Rs 100/-

Description

AGREEMENI OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT - 5(d)

Applicant

EMPG Labs SMC Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akbar[35202-9099820-4]

W/o

Jehanzeb Amjad

Address

Lah ore

Issue Date

24-May-2022 4:11:24 PM

Delisted On/Validity

31-May-2022

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason

Service Agreement With Quality Aviation Pvt Ltd Thro''7 id Anwar Sb

SHi,CIATES
4G- S

4lcet New Garde

0

; wLIC
ore

) atT

-02

N

sfl
M.Anwar CNIC:3

PB-LHR-1709 I Garden Town
.

JL

'

,J

L

I

AGREEMENT FOR TRAVEL MANAGEMENT SERVICES
This agreement for travel management services ("Agreement") is made at Lahore on this
26th day of May, 2022
BY AND BETWEEN
EMPG LABS (SMC-PRI VAlE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the
laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at 8th Floor, Mega Tower, 63-B
Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore, through its duly authorized
representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar (hereinafter referred to as
"Vendee" which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed
to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);
AND
Quality Aviation (Private) Limited, a travel management company, having
its registered office at 19-A Ali Block New Garden Town, Lahore, Pakistan,
acting through its Lahore Branch Head Mr. Zahid Anwar (hereinafter referred
to as "Vendor" which expression shall, where the context so permits, be
deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and
assigns).
(Vendor and Vendee shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a "Party" and
collectively as the "Parties").
WHEREAS the Vendor is desirous of providing, and the Vendee is desirous of availing
travel management services and facilities in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, as may be amended with written mutual consent between the Parties.

Vendor's initials

24-

Page 1 of 6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Vendee's initials

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Vendor hereby agrees to provide, and the Vendee hereby agrees to avail travel
management services and facilities on such rates as detailed in Annexure A
appended with this Agreement.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of two (2) years commencing on 1st
March, 2022 (the "Effective Date") ending on 28th February, 2024 or on such other
date as may be agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

SERVICES

3.1

The Vendor shall provide to the Vendee travel management services and facilities as
detailed in Annexure A (the "Services") as and when required by the Vendee.

3.2

The Vendee shall intimate the Vendor through e-mail regarding the required Services
and the Vendor shall provide such Services within the agreed time as communicated
through e-mail.

4.

PAYMENT TERMS

4.1

For the Services availed by the Vendee, the Vendor shall issue invoice on a
fortnightly basis. The invoice shall specify the details of each and every Service
along with applicable rates. The Vendee shall verify the invoice and make payments
within thirty (30) days from the date of issuance of invoice.

4.2

The Vendee shall notify the Vendor about any dispute, discrepancy or objection in
respect of any invoice within ten (10) working days from the receipt of such invoice.
On being notified, the Vendor shall issue revised invoice containing necessary
changes I alterations.

4.3

The Vendor reserves the right to cease the credit line of the Vendee in case the
payment terms are breached.

4.4

The Vendor reserves the right to revise the pricing, payment terms and/or credit
limits in case of any change in the Vendor's industry, economic or other factors.
Such revision will be notified to the Vendee fifteen (15) days in advance and will take
effect after mutual consent of the Parties.

5.

WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS

5.1

The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that:
i.

it has the authority to enter into and execute this Agreement;

ii. it has obtained validation of all its requisite licenses, authorizations, approvals
and consents from the statutory authorities as required under the applicable laws
to provide the Services ("License") under this Agreement. Moreover, the Vendor
shall ensure that the License shall remain valid and in force during the Term and
any renewal thereof hereunder;
iii. it shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with
applicable laws, the License, industry standards and good practices; and

Vendor's initials
Page 2of6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Vend ee's initials

iv. It shall render Services under this Agreement in a timely and effective manner,
with the highest level of care and skill.
5.2

The Vendor acknowledges that the Vendee has been induced to enter into this
Agreement on the basis of and reliance on the representations made by the Vendor.

6.

CONFIDENTIALITY

6.1

This Agreement and its subject matter shall remain confidential between the Parties.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement as well as any oral or written information
disclosed by the Vendee in connection with provision of Services by the Vendor
under this Agreement (including without limitation documents, passports, visas,
CNIC(s), information provided electronically or transmitted orally etc.) shall be
regarded as confidential information by the Vendor. The Vendor including its
employees, executives, directors, representatives and agents shall take all
reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all such confidential
information and shall not disclose any such confidential information to any third
parties without obtaining the written consent of the Vendee, except where such
disclosure is required under the law. This clause shall survive the termination or
expiry of this Agreement.

6.2

The Vendor hereby acknowledges and agrees that damages at law may be
inadequate remedies for the breach of Clause 6.1. Accordingly, the Vendor agrees
that the Vendee may be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive or other
equitable relief with respect to any such breach. The rights set forth in this Clause
6.2 shall be in addition to any other rights that the Vendee may have at law or in
equity.

7.

TERMINATION

7.1

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving one (1) month's prior written
notice to the other Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of
such notice period.

8.

NOTICES

8.1

Any notice required to be given to either Party in pursuance of this Agreement shall
be sent by registered mail or courier, and shall be deemed to be duly given if
delivered to the addresses stated below or at such changed addresses as the
Parties may communicate to each other in writing:
Company

EMPG
Limited

LABS

(SMC-Pvt)

Address

8 Floor, Mega Tower, 63-B
Main Boulevard, Gulberg
Lahore

Quality
Limited

Aviation

19-A Ali Block New Garden
Town, Lahore

Phone

+92 42 3591 3965-70

Fax

+92 42 3591 3937

Name
Person

of

Mr. Adeel Khalid

Designation
Vendor's initials

Page3of6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

(Private)

Mr. Abdullah Daud
Business

Development

Manager
Vendee's initials

8.2

In addition to Mr. Adeel Khalid, following personnel will also act as POCs on behalf of
Vendee for the purposes of any communication under this Agreement:
Syed lmran Assistant Manager

0300-8591544

Fizza Razzaq Admin Associate

0300-8402738

9.

FORCE MAJEURE

9,1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government
lockdown, or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which
renders the performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or
part, for a period of time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

10.

JURISDICTION & ARBITRATION

10.1 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Pakistan.
10.2 Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if
not amicably resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising,
shall be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice
by either Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration shall be Lahore and the
language for arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s),
as the case may be, shall be final and binding on both Parties, including decisions as
to costs.
11.

INDEMNITY

11.1 The Vendor hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Vendee
against all third party claims, losses, damages, adverse claims, proceedings,
charges, penalties, fines, etc. resulting from or arising out of any breach of the
Vendor's obligations under this Agreement. including but not limited to any of its
representations, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct, complete
or complied with and/or arising out of or in relation to any action, error, omission or
negligence of the Vendor.
12.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

12.1

This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No
amendment or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless
set forth in writing and executed by both the Parties.

13.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

13.1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall
be deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party
as the agent of the other for any purpose.

14.

SEVERABILITY

14.1

The provisions of the Agreement are severable and if one or more provisions are
found to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or part, the remaining provisions, to the
extent enforceable, shall be binding and enforceable.

Vendor's initials

Page 4 of 6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Vendee's initials

15.

COUNTERPARTS

15.1

This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same.

IN WITNESSS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day,
month and year mentioned above.
For and on behalf of Vendee

For and on behalf of Vendor

- ci

11

Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar

Mr. ZahidA war
Designation: Branch Head — LHE

WITNESSES
(2)

(1)

Name:
CNIC:

a

co2 - 2f \ 2

Name:

F

CNIC:

IlA I)tEL-

-

iiu i• '
a)- - J

Date:

Date:

Vendee's initials

Vendor's initials
0

g /

PageS of 6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

vU

Annexure — A
Schedule of Services and Charges
Sees
International — 1000 — 01W
International — 2000 — RIT
Domestic — 500 — 01W
Domestic — 1000— R/T
International — Nil

Air Ticketing

Refunds

Domestic — Nil
International - PKR 500/- per ticket

Reissue / Revalidation

Domestic - PKR 250/- per ticket
International - 10% on value of invoice

Hotel

Domestic - PKR 500/- per room, per night
International - 10% on value of invoice
Rent A Car
Domestic - PKR 500/- per car, per day
International — 10% on value of invoice
Rail & Bus
Domestic — PKR 500/- per transaction
Group Movement

Quotation Base
PKR 1,000/- UAE per visa application

Visa Processing Service Fee
PKR 2000/- for rest of visa applications
International - PKR 3,000/- per transaction
Meet & Assist Facility (Int'L/Domestic)
Domestic - PKR 2,000/- per transaction
Travel Insurance (Int'l/Domestic)

Nil - only actual charges of insurance company

Credit Card Swipe Fee

2.5% on transaction

24/7 Service Centre

Complimentary

Credit Limit

2M

Vendor's initials

2- 4

Page 6 of 6
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

-

Vendee's initials