IN THE COURT OF DR. MUHAMMAD IQBAL , LEARNED PRESIDING OFFICER PUNJAB LABOUR COURT NO. IV, FAISALABAD . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In Re: 
 AZEEM ZAHID . 
 VS 
 KHURRAM SHAHZAD ETC. 
 
 WRITTEN STATE MENT ON BEHALF OF RESPOND EN T NO. 1, 2 &amp; 3. 
 Respectfully Sheweth: 
 PRELIMINARY OBJECTIONS 
 That the Respondents are employees of Online Classifieds Pakistan ( SMC - Private ) Limited , a private limited company duly incorporated and operating in accordance with the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office located at 29-Q, Gulberg II, M.M. Alam Road, Lahore, Pakistan (hereinafter referred to as "the Company "). It is submitted that the Company, being a juristic entity, has the legal capacity to sue and be sued through its duly authorized representative. 
 That the plaintiff lacks a cause of action to file the instant suit against the Respondents . Plaintiff has failed to allege any actionable wrong against the Respondents . Similarly, plaint does not disclose any cause of ac tion against the Respondents . Therefore, plaint is liable to be rejected under Order VII Rule 11 of CPC. 
 That the titled suit is also bad for mis-joinder of causes hence, merits dismissal. No reasoning whatsoever has been given in the plain t for making party to the suit the Respondent No . 1 to 3 . 
 That no valid grievance lies against Respondents No. 1 to 3 hence, the suit is liable to be rejected. 
 That the titled suit has been filed with the malafide intention and u lterior motives and the plaintiff has not approached this Learned Court with clean hands. Therefore, titled suit is not maintainable under law and plaintiff is not entitled to any relief from this Learned Court as prayed for. 
 That the titled suit is not maintainable in its present form, hence merits dismissal similarly. 
 That the material and substantial facts have been deliberately suppressed, concealed and misstated and the titled suit is based upon misconceived facts and law. Therefore, plaintiff is not entitled any relief. 
 
 REPLY ON MERITS 
 That the contents of para No.1 needs no reply . 
 That the contents of para No.2 are vehemently denied and it is furth er submitted that the plaintiff was not an employee of the Respondent No. 1 to 3. The Respondent No.1 to 3 are neither the employer of the Plaintiff nor they hold any position such as CEO, Director or Company Secretary . It is pertinent to highlight that the Grievance petition has been filed without im pleading proper parties, thus the plaintiff has no locus standi against the Respondents No.1 to 3. 
 That the contents of para under reply being incorrectly stated are denied vehemently. The plaintiff failed to establish any employer – employee relationship with the Respondents No. 1 to 3, it is further submitted that th e plaintiff has not annexed employment contract, hence failed to prove his position and his relationship with Respondents No.1 to 3. It is further submitted that the Plaintiff never worked as Executive Account Officer for the Respondents No.1 to 3 neither the Respondents hired the Plaintiff . T hus no cause of action arises against the Respondents No.1 to 3. 
 That the contents of the Para No. 4 are vehemently denied as the plaintiff was not employed by the respondents No. 1 to 3. It is further submitted that the Respondent No.3 , as instructed by the Company and not in their individual capacity , issued several warning letters and show cause notices to the plaintiff regarding his performance in the Company, which have been concealed from this Learned Court. 
 That the contents of the para No. 5 are denied as false . That the contents of the preceding paragraph are reiterated. 
 That all allegations agai nst the answering respondent No.1 to 3 are denied vehemently. It is submitted that no amount is recoverable from Respondent No.1 to 3. 
 The contents of Paragraph 7 are vehemently denied as false, frivolous, and completely baseless. It is respectfully submitted that the allegations in the said paragraph appear to be a concocted, self-created narrative, akin to a fictional account, with no factual basis. Such claims are made with the intention to malign and blackmail the answering Respondents and must be rejected in their entirety . 
 The contents of Paragraph 8 are hereby denied. It is submitted that the termination of the Petitioner was lawful, carried out in strict accordance with the employment contract and applicable labor laws. As such, the Petitioner is not entitled to any compensation, salary, or allowances post-termination. Therefore, the claims made in the aforementioned paragraph are baseless and without merit. 
 The contents of Paragraph 9 are hereby denied. It is s ubmitted that the employer, the Company , possesses the authority to terminate the employee in accordance with the duly signed employment contract. 
 That the contents of para No.10 are ardently denied being incorrect . It is categorically submitted that Labour Laws would not apply in this case as there is no grievance against the Respondent No. 1 to 3. 
 T ha t the contents of Para No. 11 are fervently denied being false and frolicsome as the stance taken by the applicant is not appreciative . It is to be noted that the Grievance Petition was not duly served as per the above stated provision. H ence , it is established fact that the plaintiff always flouted, disregarded and violated provisions not only of all laws detailed in para under reply but also of all other laws of the land. 
 Denied. However, it is categorically stated that the Plaintiff was not employed by the Respondent No1 to 3 hence the Unfair L abour Practices do not apply . 
 That the contents of para under reply being incorrectly stated, erroneous and based on mis-guided interpretation of law are denied vehemently. It is submitted that the Respondent No. 1 to 3 are not the employer, hence t he Grievance Petition is not maintainable under the law. As per Section 33 of the Punjab Industrial Relations Act 2010, it is a pre requisite for a workman employed in business, to issue a formal grievance notice to the employer before filing any grievance petition. the Plaintiff ’s failure to comply with the essential procedural requirement renders the grievance petition not only premature but also legally defecti ve. It is further submitted as the respondent s are not the employer, the Plaintiff does not fall under the definition of a workmen, as such the grievance is liable to be set aside as not maintainable. 
 That the contents of para under reply are denied being incorrect . It is submitted that allegations agai nst the answering respondent No.1 to 3 are denied vehemently . It is further submitted that no monetary recovery is possible from the respondents No.1 to 3. 
 That the contents of para under reply are denied vehemently . That the Learned Court has no territorial jurisdiction or otherwise as alleged. Therefore, this Learned Court has no jurisdiction including the territorial jurisdiction to adjudicate upon the title suit. 
 
 PRAYER: - 
 In view of submissions made above it is most respectf ully prayed that the titled grievance petition may kindly be dismissed with special cost . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Any other relief deemed to be fit and appropriate may also be granted . 
 
 
 
 RESPONDANT NO.1, 2 &amp; 3 
 
 THROUGH 
 
 
 WAHAB AHMAD KHAN 
 (Barrister-at-law) 
 Advocate High Court 
 
 
 Dated: ______/____/2025 
 Verification: 
 Verified on Oath at Lahore on this …….. day of…………’ 2025 that the contents of the paragraphs No. 1 to 15 as reply on merit are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and those of remaining paragraphs No 1 to 18 as preliminary objections are correct to the best of my information and belief. 
 
 
 Answering Respondents