SECOND AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between

Naimat Saleem Trust ("Landlord") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Tenant")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This second amendment ("Second Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 14th December,
2018 further amended through First Amendment dated 17th December, 2020 (collectively referred
to as the "Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 30th day of September 2022.

WHEREAS

(A)

The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Landlord granted on lease, and the
Tenant took on lease from the Landlord, entire third floor measuring 22544 square feet of
the building named and styled as 'Lahore Centre' situated at 77 Main Boulevard, Block D1, Gulberg Ill, Lahore ("Demised Premises");

(B)

Pursuant to Clause 11(c) of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to revise
and amend the Agreement to such extent as specified herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Second Amendment shall be effective from 1st January 2023 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 1(e) of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to further
extend the term of the Agreement for a period of three (3) years, commencing from the
Effective Date and ending on 31st December 2025 ("Term").

3.

This Second Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Second Amendment shall prevail and any conflicting
term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately and to the extent
necessary to give full effect to this Second Amendment.

5.

Il expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning
in this Second Amendment unless otherwise specified herein.

Landlord's Initials:
Page 1 of

Tenant's initials:

6.

This Second Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Second Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.

SIGNED

For and on behalf of L

For and on behalf of Tenant

Sohaib Javed
CNlC: 35202-1 179291-9

Mariam Saleem Akbar
CNIC: 35202-9099820-4

WITNESSES

Name:

Name:
CNIC:

- -

o/2--/c

Address: L? -4h4
-

r/

—I

/7/Cy
ta(

Page 2 of 2
TUIC IfWI IIIICMT IC '"'c'

Al

-

l r% •-• -

CNIC:

/

3ljOL- q1/3?;L327

Address: