FIRST AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Dubizzle Labs (SMC-Private) Limited (previously known as
EMPG Labs (SMC-Private) Limited) ("Lessee")
[Each a 'Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment (First Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 25t October, 2021
('Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 6th December, 2023.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor. an area measuring eighteen thousand (18000)
sq. ft, on 6th floor of the building named and styled as "Mega Tower", located at 63-B,
Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ('Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 1st February, 2024 (Effective Date).
Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years and eleven (11)
months, commencing from the Effective Date and ending on 31t December. 2026
("Extended Term").

3.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.
All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.
This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.

SIGNED

//
For and on behalf of Lessor

For and on behalf of Lessee

Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director
\>

WITN ESSES

Name:

,i/id

CNIC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:
CNlC:

q ç; ,; - cs6q-3