ZAMEEN DEVELOPMENTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022
1

THE GROUP AND ITS OPERATIONS
The group consists of:
Holding Company:
Zameen Developments (Private) Limited (''the Holding Company") was incorporated on 31 May 2018 as a Private
Limited Company under the Companies Act, 2017 ("the Act"). The Company's principal activity is to provide
consultancy services including project management, architectural and design and support services on construction
projects. The registered office of the Company is situated at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore. The
Company is a subsidiary of EMPG Property Holdings Limited ("the ultimate Parent Company") incorporated in
Pakistan. The ultimate parent of the company is EMPG Holdings Limited, a Company incorporated in United Arab
Emirates.
Subsidiaries:
Deevar Developers (Private) Limited (''the Subsidary Company") was incorporated on 18 April 2017 as a Private
Limited Company under the Companies Act, 2017. The Company's principal activity is to engage in the business of
development of all types of real estate including commercial markets and multi stories building, shopping centers
etc. The registered office of the Company is situated at Pearl 1, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam road Gulberg III, Lahore. The
Company is wholly owned subsidiary of Zameen Developments (Private) Limited (''the Holding Company"), a
Company incorporated in Pakistan.
Zameen Delta (Private) Limited Company (''the Subsidary Company") was incorporated on 18 February 2019 as a
Private Limited Company under ("the Act"). The Company's principal activity is to engage in the business of
development of all types of real estate including commercial markets and multi stories building, shopping centers
etc. The registered office of the Company is situated at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road Gulberg III, Lahore.
The Company is a subsidiary of Zameen Developments (Private) Limited (''the Holding Company"), a Company
incorporated in Pakistan.
Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited Company ("the Company") was incorporated on 25 March 2019 as a Private
Limited Company under the Companies Act, 2017. The Company's principal activity is to provide IT and IT enabled
business process outsourcing services to various businesses in Pakistan. The registered office of the Company is
situated at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road Gulberg III, Lahore. The holding company has disposed of its
investment on 08 November 2021 (Equity interest : 0% (2022), 100% (2021).
EMPG Labs (SMC-Private) Limited (''the Company") was incorporated on 11 March 2021 as a private limited
company under the Companies Act, 2017. The principal activities of the Company is to establish and run data
processing centres, computer centres, software development centres, offices and to provide consultancy and data
processing software development services and to impart training of electronic data processing computer software
and hardware to customer and others to buy, sell, export, import of software, hardware and establishment of
incidental infrastructure facilities (IT services). The holding company has disposed of its investment on 21 February
2022 (Equity interest : 0% (2022), 100% (2021).

2

BASIS OF PREPARATION

2.1

Basis of consolidation
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the group is
exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on
which control is transferred to the Group. The Group ceases consolidation from the date when control is lost.
Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the
transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency
with the policies adopted by the Group.

Page 5 of 33

ZAMEEN DEVELOPMENTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
2.2

Statement of compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting and reporting standards as applicable
in Pakistan. The accounting and reporting standards applicable in Pakistan comprise of:
- International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Standards) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) as notified under the Companies Act, 2017; and
- Provisions of and directives issued under the Companies Act, 2017.
Where provisions of and directives issued under the Companies Act, 2017 differ from the IFRS standards, the provisions
of and directives of the Companies Act, 2017 have been followed.

2.3

Basis of measurement
These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention unless otherwise stated. In these
financial statements, except for the amounts reflected in the statement of cash flows, all transactions have been
accounted for on accrual basis.

2.4

Functional and presentation currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Pakistani Rupees, which is the Group’s functional currency. All
figures have been rounded off to the nearest Rupee, unless otherwise stated.

2.5

Standards, interpretations and amendments to published accounting standards
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial period, except for the following new
and amended standards and interpretations effective for annual period beginning on January 01, 2021, as listed below:

2.5.1

New Standards, Interpretations and Amendments effective in the reporting period
Standard or Interpretation
-

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 – Amendment to IFRS 16
The amendment to IFRS 16 will provide relief to lessees for accounting for rent concessions from lessors
specifically arising from the covid-19 pandemic. While lessees that elect to apply the practical expedient do not
need to assess whether a concession constitutes a modification, lessees still need to evaluate the appropriate
accounting for each concession as the terms of the concession granted may vary.
The Group has not received any Covid-19-related rent concessions, therefore has no impact on the financial
statements of the Group.

-

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2: Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

The amendments provide temporary reliefs which address the financial reporting effects when an interbank the
following practical expedients:
-

To require contractual changes, or changes to cash flows that are directly required by the reform, to
be treated as changes to a floating interest rate, equivalent to a movement in a market rate of interest.

-

To permit changes required by KIBOR reform to be made to hedge designations and hedge.

-

To provide temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement
when an RFR instrument is designated as a hedge of a risk component.
These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Group. The Group intends to
use the practical expedients in future periods if they become applicable.

2.4.2

Standards, interpretations and amendments to published approved accounting standards that are not yet
effective:
The standards and interpretations with respect to the accounting and reporting standards as applicable in Pakistan that
are issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the Group consolidated financial statements are disclosed
below. The Group intends to adopt these standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

Page 6 of 33

ZAMEEN DEVELOPMENTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
Standard or Interpretation
-

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current - Amendments to IAS 1
In January 2020, the IASB issued amendments to paragraphs 69 to 76 of IAS 1 to specify the requirements for
classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:

-

What is meant by a right to defer settlement.

-

That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right.

-

That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the
terms of a liability not impact its classification.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and
must be applied retrospectively. The Group expects that these amendments will have no impact on
financial statements as their current practice is already in line with the proposed amendments.

-

Reference to the Conceptual Framework - Amendments to IFRS 3
In May 2020, the IASB issued Amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations - Reference to the Conceptual
Framework. The amendments are intended to replace a reference to the Framework for the Preparation and
Presentation of Financial Statements, issued in 1989, with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for
Financial Reporting issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements.
The Board also added an exception to the recognition principle of IFRS 3 to avoid the issue of potential ‘day 2’
gains or losses arising for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21
Levies, if incurred separately.
At the same time, the Board decided to clarify existing guidance in IFRS 3 for contingent assets that would not
be affected by replacing the reference to the framework for the preparation and presentation of Financial
Statements.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and are applied
prospectively. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements of the
Group.

-

Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use - Amendments to IAS 16
In May 2020, the IASB issued Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use, which prohibits
entities from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment, any proceeds from selling
items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating
in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling such items, and
the costs of producing those items, in the statement of profit or loss.
The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and must be
applied retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning
of the earliest period presented when the entity first applies the amendment. The amendments are not expected
to have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group.

-

Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling a Contract – Amendments to IAS 37
In May 2020, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 37 to specify which costs an entity needs to include when
assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making.
The amendments apply a “directly related cost approach”. The costs that relate directly to a contract to provide
goods or services include both incremental costs and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities.
General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly
chargeable to the counterparty under the contract.
The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. Considering
the nature of operation of the Group, these amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the
financial statements of the Group.

Page 7 of 33