1

THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE, 1984
--: o: --

v.. ".

J

(PRTVATE COMPANY LlMlrED BY SHARES)i',

1,:-i;,

t.t:t.'

.:.:'

': ,

-- -;

1r;

,:it t

.

;{",: .
i'..r

I -i'

'.,,,-' ,.,,"

--: o: --

'.:

o'.r1

t''...,.,'.,.i,,*r;-,,', ot'

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION
of

ZAMEEN MED|A (PRIVATE) LIMITED
I.

The name of the Company is "ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LlMITED".

!t.

The Registered Office of the Company shall be situated in the Province of
the Punjab

llt. The objects for which the Company is established are all or any of the

following:-

1. To establish the business of software and web development with
special focus on on-line shopping facilities, office management
applications, financial / accounting softwares and its selling in the local
and international markets.

2. To carry on the business as manufacturers of lnformation Technology
related software / hardware, Gomputer lnter-Net Programmers and

word processors, data processors, computer aided controls

specialists, computer based systems and processes specialists,
consultants, designers, agents for the sale of computer-.sof,tware,.
hardware, ancillary and allied equipment of every and any description.

3. To design, develop, procure, import, export and test software t
hardware for the panels, controls and systems using information
technology including communication, networking equipments and TCP
/ lP related software / hardware and other modern techniques.

4. To Establish, run operate and manage electronic media business
subject to any permission required under law.

5. To establish,'promote, run, manage and carry on the business of online shopping through website launched by the Company for the
purpose, and to arrange supply, import merchandise items from local
. markets / foreign countries and to do all such deeds as may be deemed
fit to realize the orders received, and to receive payments through all
legal means.

-T

6.

purpose to obtain and sustain the latest technology and to carry on
research and development in the field of Computer Science, and to
import and export software and hardware equipment and technology
and to provide technical excellence in the field of software
development.
7.

To provide services of software development and program writing for
exports and carry on the profession of consultants in
telecommunications, all cable and satellite services for medial and

television, satellite services for data voice, broadcasting of
international television services, public and private telecom network
services, subject to any permission as required under the Iaw.
8.

To carry on the business of Call center, providing both lnbound 9nd
Outbound Gatl center support to companies, businessmen, individuals,
to public and private sector, both within and outside the country and to
provide training services for telephone agents, or any other connected
or retevant business or which can be conveniently connected with the
objeets of the Gompany, and to establish, develop, produce, engage,
manage and generally deal in the business of call centers for local and
international businesses and to get involved in activities relating to
global information technologies.

9. To carry on the business of custom agents, cargo agents, shipping

agents, clearing and forwarding agents, freight forwarding and courier
services, freight contractors, railway booking and fonrvarding agents,
tour organizers / promoters, recruitang agents, storekeepers and
warehousemen in Pakistan or elsewhere ; to issue and arrange airway
bills and bills of lading for all purpose of transportation services, and
-to.,carry on, the. busi ness-of. courier service, home del ivery of- paekage
domestic and international freight forwarding services and delivery of
packages, containing gifts, flowers, letters, drafts, credit cards,
photocopy and financial instruments.

10.To establish, open, run and manage stores, departmental stores,
shopping centers, fair price shops, shopping plazas, super markets,
utility stores in and outside Pakistan and to buy, sell, import and export
all kihds of goods, commodities and merchandise as permissible under
the law.

11. To carry on and undertake trading business and to act as retailers,
iridehtors, importers, exporters, buyers, sellers traders, suppliers,
' manufacturers and commission agents of general item products and
r", materials',in''any form or shape manufactulg4]:'q1' supplied"' by any
company, firm, issociation of persons, body, whether incorporated or
I .. not''individtrals, Government, Semi-Government or any local authority.

12.

13. To carry on in or outside Pakistan the business of manufacturers,
importers, exporters, indentors, transporters, dealers in all articles and
commodities akin to or connected with any of the business of the
Company capable of being conveniently carried on or necessary for
the promotion of the objects herein contained, as permissible under
law.
14. To carry on business and obtain licences for shipping agents, clearing

and forwarding agents, purchasing and indenting agents, selling
agents, (exc6pt managing agent) on such terms and conditions as the
Gompany may think proper, subject to any permission as required
under the law.

15. To carry on agency business (except managing agency) and to acquire
and hold selling agencies and to act as selling agents, commis6ion
agents, manufacturers' representatives and distributing agents of and
for the distribution of all kinds of legally permissible merchandise,
goods, commodities, products, materials, substances, articles and
things whether finished, semi-finished, raw, under process, refined,
treated or otherwise pertaining to trade and commerce and for that
purpose to remunerate them and to open and maintain depots and
branches.
16. To purchase, take on lease or in exchange, hire, apply for or otherwise
acquire and hold for any interest, any rights, privileges, lands, building,
-. .. easements,. trade,"marks-.patents,. patent rights, copyrights,-licences,
machinery, plants, stock-in-trade and any movable and immovable
property of any.kind necessary or convenient for the purposes of or in
connection with the Gompany's business or any branch or
department thereof and to use, exercise, in respect of or otherwise turn
to account any property, rights and information so acquired, subject to
any permission required under the law.
17. To acquire by concession, grant, purchase, barter, licence either
absolutely or conditionally and either solely or,iointly with others any
lands, buildings, machinery, plants, equipm'ents, privileges, rights,
licences, trade marks, patents, and other movable and immovable

:, ''ol. which may seem to the Company capable'of being turned to

'" ,:,acoount, subject to any permission as required under the law;

.,r';;,,i"::'r;l;*,,:
-

,l''i+\

'1-4""""""""'r

/r's'
iJ

4

r,.-..

j:

os.

-,

i

'

..,

,,;',,, .iii ;i,i
$t'.'1'-:t".,
"'':

.' ."1.,'
".
18. To act as representatives, for any person, firm or compirip'uqnti:t'b '.;,.;);t/
undertake and perform sub-contracts, and also act in the buiiBe#.d,,,''"
the Company through or by means of agents, sub-contractors and to
do all or any of the things mentioned herein in any part of the world
and either alone or in collaboration with others and by or through
agents, sub-contractors or otherwise.
19. To go in for, buy or otherwise acquire and use any patent design,
copyright, licence, concession, convenience, innovation, invention,
trade marks, rights, privileges, plants, tools or machinery and the Iike
in Pakistan or elsewhere, which may for the time being appear to be
useful or valuable for adding to the efficiency or productivity of the
Company's work or business, as permissible under the law.
20. To acquire and carry on all or any part of the business or property of
any person, firm, association suitable for any of the purposes of the
Company or carrying on any business legally permissible which this
Company is authorised to carry on and in consideration for the same,
to pay cash or to issue shares of the Company, and to undertake the
liabilities of associated undertakin gs,
21. Toenter into arrangements with the government or authority (supreme,
municipal, local or otherwise) or any corporation, company or persons
- -that may seem conducive to the Company's obiects or any of them and
to obtain from any such government, authority, corporation, company
or person any charters, contracts, rights, privileges and commission
which the Company may think desirable and to carry on exercise and
comply with any such charters, contracts, decrees, rights,"privileges
and concessions.
22. To enter into partnership, to amalgamate and / or to buy on all
.- - .interests, -assets,*.liabillties, stoeks or to.make any.arr.angement-for
sharing profits, union of interests, co-operation, joint-venture,

'.o.

reciprocal concession or otherwise with any person, firm or company
carrying on or proposing to carry on any business which this Company
is authorised to carry on or which is capable of being conducted so as
directly or indirectly to benefit this Company and to have foreign
collaborations and to pay royalties / technical fees to collaborators,
subject to the provisions of ttre Companies Ordinance, 1984.

23. To establish, promote or assist in establishing or promoting and
subscribe to or become a member of any other cornpany, association
or club whose objects are similar or in part similar to the objects of this
:,

",': ', . i ,' 24. To open accounts with any Bank or Banks and to draw, make, accept,
,. r:,.: 'r .']rr r' ,. :;,r 1,,:,rendor.Se, eXeCUte, iSSUe, negOtiate and diSCOunt CheqUeS, prOmiSSOfy
,' , '
notes, bills of exchange, bills of lading, warrants, deposit notes,
:,
debentures, letter of credit and other negotiable instruments and
securities legal ly permissible.
,

:

25.

construction of factory, building and for the purpose of working capital
or for any other purpose.
26. To sell or otherwise dispose of the whole or any part of the
undertaking of the Company, either together or in portions for such

consideration as the Company may think fit and in particular, for
shares, debenture-stock or securities of any Company purchasing the

same,

27. To borrow or raise money by means of loans or other legal
arrangements from banks, or other financial institutions, or Directors
in such manner as the Gompany may think fit and in particular by issue
of debentures, debenture stock, perpetual or otherwise convertible into
shares and to mortgage, or charge the whole or any part of the
property or assets of the Company, present or future, by special
assignment or to transfer or convey the same absolutely or in trust as
may seem expedient and to purchase, redeem or pay off any such
securities.
28. To pay all costs, charges, and expenses preliminary or incidental
- . incurred ln formation or about the promotion"and establishment of the
Company and to remunerate any person, firm or company for services
rendered or to be rendered in or about the formation or promotion
of the Company or the conduct of its business.
29. To give any servant or employee of the Gompany commission in the
profits of the Company's business or any branch thereof and for the
purpose to enter into any agreement or scheme of arrangement as the
- ---Company,may,.deemJit and to procure-any servanls"-or-employ-ees."of- -- ",- ....the Gompany to be insured against risk of accident in the course of
their employment by the Company.
30, To establish and support or aid in the establishment and support of
, associations, institutions, funds and conveniences calculated to
benefit persons who are or have been Directors of or who have been
employed by or who are serving or have served the Company or any
other Company which is a subsidiary or associate of the Company or
the dependents or connection of such persons and to grant pensions,
, gratuities, allowances, reliefs and paymentS in any other manner
calculated to benefit the persons described herein.
31. To distribute any of the Company's property and assets among the

; ;' ffieln[ers in specie or in any manner whatsoever in case of winding up
of the Gompany.
:
.

32. To guarantee the performance of contract and
Company in relatiori to the payment of any loan,
bonds, obligations or securities issued by or in favour
and to guarantee the payment or return on such investments.

33. To carry out joint venture agreements with other companies or
countries within the scope of the objects of the Company.
34. To causg the Company to be registered or recognised in any foreign
country.
35. To do and perform alt other acts and things as are incidenta! or
conducive to the attainment of the above objects or any of them.
36. To apply for and obtain necessary consents, permissions and licences
from any Government, State, Local and other Authorities for enabling
the Gompany to carry on any of its objects into effect as and when
required by law.

37. Notwithstanding anything stated in any object clause, the Company
shall obtain such other approval or licence from the competent
authority, as may be required under any law for the time being in force,
to undertake a particular business.

38. lt is declared that notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing
object clauses of this Memorandum of Association nothing contained
therein shall be construed as empowering the Company to undertake
or to indulge in business of banking company, banking, leasing,
investment, managing agency or insurance business directly or
indirectly as restricted under the law or any unlawful operation.
Further that the Gompany shall not launch multilevel marketing,
- - *. "

pv!'Srltic.enc pen=!sc-hgme9.

tv.

The liability of the members is limited.

V.

The Authorised Capital of the Company is.Rs. 20,000,000/- (Rupees Twenty
Million only) divided into 200,000 ordinary shares of Rs. 100/- (Rupees One
Hundred only) each with powers to increase and the Capital of the
Company and to divide the shares in the Capital for the time being into
,seveial classes in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Ordinance, 1984.

We, the several persons whose names and addresses
desirous of being formed into a Company, in pursuance
Association, and we respectively agree to take the number of
of the Company as set opposite to our respective names.
Name and
Surnarne

(Present &
Former)
in Full
(in Block
Letters)

Father's
Name
( in Full )

Nationality
with ariy
former
Nationality

Occupation

Residential
Address
(in Full)

Number of
shares

taken by

Signature

each
subscriber

and N.l.C. #

IMRAN ALI

KHAN

c.N.t.G.#

Shahid Ali
Khan

Pakistani

Business

10 - s, Abid

Majeed Road,
Lahore Cantt.

352016498018-3

ZEESHAN

ALI KHAN
c.N:1,c.

fl

35201-

Shahid Ali
Khan

Pakistani

Business

10 - s, Abid

Majeed Road,
Lahore Gantt.

6487663-3

TotalNumber
of Shares.

2,500

Twenty
Five
Hundred

2,500

Twenty
Five
Hundred

5,000

(Five
Thousand)

Dated this 05th day of March, 2012.

Witness to the above signatures:

Signatures

Full Name: Naveed Akram
c.N.t.c. # 331 04-2234970-1

Nationality: PAKISTANf
Occupation: ACGOUNTANT

Father's / Husband's
Full Name: Muhammad Akram

i

FullAddress: 28-D NFC, Lahore