Agreement for Supply of Ready-Mix Concrete 
 This Agreement for the supply of ready-mix concrete (hereinafter referred to as the " Agreement ”) is made and entered into on this [●] day of [●], 2020 at [●] by and between: 
 
 [●], having its registered office at [●] through its duly authorized representative Mr. [●], son of [●], holder of CNIC No. [●] (hereinafter called the " Purchaser ") 
 
 AND 
 
 [●], having its registered office at [●] through its duly authorized representative [●], son of [●], holder of CNIC No. [●], resident of [●] (hereinafter called the " Supplier "). 
 
 (The Purchaser and the Supplier shall hereinafter be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties” ). 
 RECITALS 
 Whereas: 
 The Purchaser is undertaking the development of the real estate Project ( defined below ), including construction thereof, at the Site ( defined below ); 
 
 The Supplier has represented to the Purchaser that the Supplier is engaged in the business of and has substantial training and experience in the making, mixing, transport, supply and delivery of ready-mix concrete required for the construction of the Project; and 
 
 Based on the representations and warranties by the Supplier, the Purchaser is desirous of purchasing ready-mix concrete from the Supplier and the Supplier is deirous of supplying and delivering the ready-mix concrete to the Purchaser as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Purchaser and Supplier agree as follows: 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “Acceptance of Material” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 7 .1 . 
 
 “Agreement” means this Agreement executed by and between the Purchaser and the Supplier as more fully described in C lause 14.11 . 
 
 “ Approved Design Mix ” means the design mix approved by the Purchaser and Design Structure Engineer attached as Annexure D as amended, modified and changed from time to time. 
 
 “ ASTM ” means American Society of Testing and Materials. 
 
 “ Delivery of Material ” means the physical delivery of the Material by the Supplier at the Site in pursuance of the applicable Purchase Order . 
 
 “ Delivery Note ” means the delivery note signed by the Purchaser or its authorized representative upon the Delivery of Material on Site by the Supplier in accordance with Clause 6.3. 
 
 Effective Date means [•]. 
 
 “ Material ” means the ready-mix concrete to be mixed, supplied, transported and delivered by the Supplier to the Purchaser in such quantities and composition and of such quality and strength as required by the Purchaser under this Agreement and as specified in the Purchase Order ( specified in more detail in Annexure C ) . 
 
 “ Project ” means the real estate project named and styled as [●] located at the Site. 
 
 “Purchaser ” means [●] , or where the context so permits its duly authorized representative including, inter alia , the Structure Design Engineer ; 
 
 “ Purchase Order ” means the purchase order form of the Purchaser attached as Appendix C of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Site ” means [ ● ]. 
 
 “Term ” means the duration of the Agreement as contained in Clause 3. 
 
 Scope – General 
 
 The Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Supplier and the Supplier agrees to mix, transport, supply and deliver to the Purchaser the Material and perform and carry out all such ancillary acts and tasks as required and necessary thereto. 
 
 In addition, the Supplier shall also ensure the availability of the labour and equipment including the pouring pumps required by the Purchaser and will pour the Material on the Site at the time of delivery as and when required by the Purchaser on such rates as specified in Annexure E. 
 
 The Supplier shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the intended purpose and in accordance with timelines provided in the Purchase Order. The Supplier’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency(ies). 
 
 
 The Purchaser is relying upon the expertise of the Supplier to perform its obligations in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Supplier acknowledges the Purchaser’s reliance upon the expertise of the Supplier as set forth herein. 
 
 The Supplier’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Supplier, or is implied by this Agreement, and all works which (although not mentioned in this Agreement) are necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper operation, of the Project , so as to achieve the intended purpose of the Material . 
 
 Term 
 
 T his Agreement shall be effective for a period of [●] months starting from [the date at which the first order was given] the (“ Term ”). The Parties may renew or extend the Agreement on such terms and conditions as mutually agreed by both Parties. 
 
 P urchase Order 
 
 The Purchaser shall place the order for Material on a [•] basis through a Purchase Order specifying therein , inter alia , the following: 
 
 date and time for delivery ; 
 the quantity and the strength per square inch ( PSI ) strength ; 
 technical specifications of the Material including but not limited to temperature, composition, manufacturer ; 
 Unit Price of the Material ; and 
 any other requirements. 
 
 Structure Design Engineer 
 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, t he Structure Design Engineer shall carry out the following duties and roles : 
 
 Structural designing , plans and layouts ; 
 Analysis of structure; 
 Selection of building materials best suited for the structure; 
 Make, approve and amend the design mix; 
 Inspection of materials; 
 Attendance and inspection of test facilities to carry out technical quality control and management activities; 
 Approve test analysis and reports; 
 Cost estimations; 
 Any other duty and role as delegated by the Purchaser from time to time . 
 5.2 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement, the Structure Design Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Supplier of any of his obligations under the Agreement. 
 
 Material Specifications &amp; Testing 
 
 The Supplier shall supply the Material to the Purchaser in accordance with the relevant Purchase Order issued by the Purchaser in terms of this Agreement , strictly in accordance with the quality standards and tests specified in Annexure A of this Agreement . 
 
 The Purchaser reserves the right to take, request and test samples of any one or more of the components of the Material and in this regard, the Supplier shall be obligated to provide with such test samples as may be requested by the Purchaser . 
 
 If required or requested by the Purchaser , the Supplier shall submit, at his own cost, samples of all components including sand, cement, crush, aggregates, etc. (even if brand, manufacturer or supplier identified) . 
 
 The Supplier shall only procure the components and raw materials comprising the Material from manufacturers , brands and/or suppliers and in such ratios and quantities as provided in Annexure D (“ Approved Design Mix ”) or such other manufacturers and/or ratios that may be specified by the S tructure D esign E ngineer in writing from time to time . The Purchaser reserves the right to change, modify and amend the Approved Design Mix from time to time and any such amendment or change shall be notified to the Supplier in writing prior to placement of new order. 
 
 Prior to and at the time of delivery of the Material, the Purchaser shall have the right to conduct quality control test s and analysis of the raw materials and /or the Material as set out in Annexure A to ensure compliance of the Material with specifications and requirements of the Purchaser. 
 
 All tests and/or analysis under this Agreement, be conducted by the Purchaser, using its own testing plant/ machinery /personnel , and all reports shall be considered final and binding . However, if any additional test and/or analysis is conducted at the Supplier’s request, University of Engineering &amp; Technology [ Location ] will be considered as the independent and final testing authority. All such additional tests and analysis at the Supplier’s request shall be done at the cost and expense of the Supplier. 
 
 Delivery of Material on Site 
 
 The Supplier shall deliver the Material to the Site on the date specified by the Purchaser in the relevant Purchase Order, at such time as may be specified by the Purchaser prior to delivery . 
 
 In the event that the Supplier cannot deliver the Material on the date and time specified by the Purchaser for any reason whats oe ver , the Supplier shall promptly notify the Purchaser. Notwithstanding such notice, unless a substitute delivery date or time for the delivery is expressly agreed by the Purchaser in writing, the Supplier’s failure to deliver the Materials on the date specified in the applicable Purchase Order shall entitle the Purchaser to liquidated damages under Clause [●] . 
 
 At the time of D elivery of Material, a D elivery N ote must be signed by the Purchaser or its authorized representative on Site to evidence and record the date and time of delivery, the quantity supplied and any other relevant details. In the event that the Material is rejected by the Purchaser at the time of delivery, no Delivery Note shall be signed by the Purchaser. 
 
 In the event the Material is not delivered to the Purchaser in terms of this Agreement, then, without limiting any other right the Purchaser may have, Purchaser may at its option: 
 
 (a) refuse / reject to take any subsequent delivery of the Material; 
 
 (b) terminate this Agreement with immediate effect; 
 
 (c) obtain substitute material from another supplier and recover from the Supplier any costs and expenses incurred by the Purchaser in obtaining such substitute material . 
 
 Acceptance of Delivery 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in the Agreement, for the purposes of this Agreement, the delivery of the Material shall not be deemed accepted until the Purchaser has satisfied itself and confirmed in writing that the Material is in accordance with the relevant Purchase Order , quality standards in terms of this Agreement and tests specified in Annexure A (“ Acceptance of Material ”). 
 
 In case the Material is rejected, the Supplier shall dispose of any such rejected Material at its own risk and cost and if so required by the Purchaser, the Supplier shall be liable to arrange replacement of such defective batch of the Material, within [●] ([●]) [days] of being informed of such defect. Further, the Purchaser further reserves the right to claim compensation from the Supplier under this Agreement if the Material is defective. 
 
 In case the Material fails the PSI strength test, the Purchaser shall inform the Supplier of the rejection of Material and the Supplier may, at his own cost and expense, reverify or retest the Material from any one of the following labs: 
 
 University of Engineering and Technology (Lahore); 
 Technology Upgradation and Skill Development Company (TUSDEC); and 
 Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (PCSIR) (Lahore). 
 In case of failure of retests, the Material will be rejected and the Purchaser may terminate the Agreement without further notice under Clause 12.2. 
 
 Till the time of delivery of the Material to the Purchaser at the Site and Acceptance of Material by the Purchaser, risk and title relating to the Material shall be borne by the Supplier. 
 
 Pouring of Material 
 The complete schedule of the pouring of Material with the confirmed quantities shall be provided by the Purchaser to the Supplier in advance and the schedule shall be re-confirmed twenty-four (24) hours prior to the pouring at Site. 
 
 The pouring of Material by the Supplier shall additionally be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 The minimum quantity for mobile concrete pumping shall be 30 m³. 
 
 The minimum slump level should be 155/mm for the concrete to be poured by mobile pump. 
 
 In the event the lean concrete design mix is to be poured at Site with mobile or stationery pump(s), an additional eighty (80) kilograms of cement shall be added to the design mix and, unless provided by the Purchaser, shall be charged to the Purchase separately at the prevailing market rate. However, if lean concrete mix is poured manually no charges will be applicable. 
 
 M obilization Advance 
 
 An amount of Rupees [●] (PKR [●]) shall be paid as mobilization advance (“ Mobilization Advance ”) by the Purcha s er to the Supplier upon signing of this Agreement. 
 
 The Supplier agrees and understands that the Mobilization Advance is solely for the purposes of this Agreement and shall only be utilized by the Supplier for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. The Supplier undertakes not to utilize the Mobilization Advance for any other purposes whatsoever. 
 
 Simultaneously with the Purchaser having paid to the Supplier the Mobilization Advance, t he Supplier shall provide a security for the total amount of Mobilization Advance in the form and manner and through such instrument as required by the Purchaser (“ Mobilization Advance Security ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance paid by the Purchaser to the Supplier shall be adjusted by the Purchaser against the invoices issued by the Supplier in accordance with Clause [●] below. 
 
 Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Supplier shall be pay to the Purchaser any remaining Mobilization Advance not adjusted in accordance with Clause [●], in the manner prescribed in Clause [●]. In the event of failure to pay the remaining Mobilization Advance in accordance with Clause [●], the Purchaser retains the right to utilize the Mobilization Advance Security to the extent of such remaining Mobilization Advance . 
 
 P ricing 
 
 The Unit Price per cubic meter of the Material shall be determined based on the PSI of the Material and shall be in accordance with p rice l ist in Annexure B (the “ Unit Price ”) . The Unit Price for each order shall be specified on the applicable Purchase Order. 
 
 The Price List shall remain fixed under the Agreement provided that the price of the components of the Material remain within a range of five per cent (5%) of the Unit P rice specified in Annexure B. 
 
 
 In the event that the price of any component of the Material increases or decreases by more than five (5) per cent of the Unit Price , the Unit Price will be adjusted by an amount equal to the variance in excess of five (5) per cent. 
 
 Payment 
 
 Upon Acceptance of the Material, the Supplier shall be entitled to and the Purchaser shall pay to the Supplier the applicable U nit P rice in the relevant Purchase Order , subject to such adjustments and deductions as specified herein . 
 
 The Supplier shall issue invoice to the Purchaser for the Materials duly delivered under this Agreement, along with the relevant Purchase Order(s) , Delivery Note(s) and any other documents required after fifteen (15) days of delivery of Material . 
 
 Provided that the invoice is not disputed and the Purchaser has issued an Acceptance of the Material , the Purchaser shall make the payment within five (0 5 ) business days of Acceptance of Material . 
 
 All payments made by the Purchaser to the Supplier shall be subject to deductions and adjustments made in accordance with Clauses 8. 2 , 8. 3 , 12.1 and 12.2 of this Agreement and any applicable taxes including withholding tax. 
 
 The Parties agree and understand that the Purchaser shall have the right to set off any amounts which the Purchaser believes needs to be settled, out of any invoices issued or to be issued by the Suppler under this Agreement. 
 
 
 Termination 
 
 The Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser without any cause by giving the Supplier a notice of ten ( 10 ) days . 
 
 The Purchaser may also terminate this Agreement immediately upon serving written notice to the Supplier in any one or more of the following circumstances: 
 
 the Supplier fails to deliver Material in accordance with the specifications and standards stipulated by the Purchaser; 
 
 the Supplier fails to deliver the Material on the date(s) and time(s) specified by the Purchaser; 
 
 the Material fails any tests or retests conducted under this Agreement ; 
 
 the Supplier fails to perform any of the obligation s under this Agreement; 
 
 the Supplier commits any fraudulent act or any criminal activity or i s negligen t in the performance of this Agreement; 
 
 the Supplier is declared bankrupt, or 
 
 in the event of breach of any representation or warranty made by the Supplier. 
 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement by the Purchaser , the Purchaser shall not be liable to pay for the Material delivered by the Supplier (unless it is has been accepted as per Clause 7 of the Agreement p rior to the date of termination ) , subject to right of the Purchaser to offset, adjustment and/or deductions under this Agreement. 
 
 Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Supplier shall be liable to and shall return , within three ( 0 3) business days, to the Purchaser any Mobilization Advance remaining or which has not been adjusted against any payments made to the Supplier as at the time of termination. In the event of failure of the Supplier to return the unadjusted Mobilization Advance in the period stipulated under this Clause [ ● ] , t he Purchaser shall be entitled to utilize the Mobilization Advance Security . 
 
 Remedies &amp; Damages 
 
 For any decrease in the percentage of the PSI as determined by the PSI strength test of each batch/order of the Material as per the applicable Purchase Order, the Supplier will be liable to pay liquidated damages as specified in this Clause 1 4 .1. For each percentage decrease in the PSI, an equivalent percentage of the Unit Price will be deducted as liquidated damages from the total Unit Price of the applicable Purchase Order. In case the PSI of the Material is unable to meet the minimum criteria specified below, the Material may be rejected and the Purchaser may not be liable to pay any sum whatsoever for such rejected Material: 
 
 Every average of any three consecutive strength tests equals or exceeds fc1 ’; and 
 
 No strength test falls below by more than: 
 
 500 PSI if fc1 is 5000 PSI or less; or 
 0.10 fc1 if fc1 exceeds 5000 PSI. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, where the Structure Design Engineer reasonably determines that the Material is not fit for its intended purpose, the Structure Design Engineer, at its discretion, shall reject the Material and require the Supplier to replace the Material at the Supplier’s cost and expense in addition to payment of any applicable liquidated damages under this Agreement. 
 
 In case of any delays in the delivery of the Material, the Purchaser shall be entitled to claim liquidated damages at Rupees [●] (PKR [ ● ] ) per each day of delay for such part of the delivery. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the aforementioned liquidated damages are reasonable and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty . However, payment of the liquidated damages shall not relieve the Supplier from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 The rights and remedies available to the Purchaser provided for under this Agreement shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law. 
 
 
 Representations &amp; Warranties by the Supplier 
 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser: 
 
 The Supplier is a company validly existing and 