FIRST AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ("First Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated l6' October, 2021
4th September, 2023.
("Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this ____
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring Seventy Five Hundred
(7500) sq. ft, on Ground floor of the building named and styled as "Mega Tower", located
at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on Ol January, 2024 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years, commencing from
the Effective Date and ending on 3Vt December, 2025 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Parties agree that the monthly rent is Rs. 616,383 (Rupees Six Hundred Sixteen
Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-Three Only) per month exclusive of all taxes ("Monthly
Rent"). For the avoidance of doubt, the annual increment (7.7%) on Monthly Rent will be
applicable with effect from 16th April 2024.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

5.

This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.

SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Sr. Director Admin & Procurement

WITNESSES

1614
Name:
CNIC:

Name:

(62"2 --tl' 2- )

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

CNIC: