THE COMPANIES ACT, 2017 (XIX of 2017)
(COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES)
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

1. The name of the company is ZAMEEN APEX (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED
2. The registered office of the Company will be situated in Punjab
3.(i). a The principle line of business of the company shall be marketing and development of all type of real estate
including developed or undeveloped land, housing or commercial projects including commercial markets or
multistoried building ( for commercial or residential purposes), shopping centers, restaurants, hotels, recreational
facilities etc; with the permission of concerned authorities and compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
and the company shall not invite and accept deposits from the public.
(ii) Except for the businesses mentioned in sub-clause (iii) hereunder, the company may engage in all the lawful
businesses and shall be authorized to take all necessary steps and actions in connection therewith and ancillary
thereto.
(iii) Notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing sub-clauses of this clause nothing contained herein
shall be construed as empowering the Company to undertake or indulge, directly or indirectly in the business of
a Banking Company, Non-banking Finance Company (Asset Management Services, Leasing, Investment
Finance Services, Investment Advisory Services, REIT management Services, Housing Finance Services,
Private Equity and Venture Capital Fund Management Services, Discounting Services, Pension Fund Scheme
Business, Micro Financing), Corporate Restructuring Company, Insurance Business, Modaraba management
company, Stock Brokerage business, forex, Clearing House, Securities and Futures Advisor, Commodity
Exchange, managing agency, business of providing the services of security guards or any other business
subject to license and restricted under any law for the time being in force or as may be specified by the
Commission.
(iv) It is hereby undertaken that the company shall not:
(a). engage in any of the business mentioned in sub-clause (iii) above or any unlawful operation;
(b). launch multi-level marketing (MLM), Pyramid and Ponzi Schemes, or other related activities/businesses or
any lottery business;
(c). engage in any of the permissible business unless the requisite approval, permission, consent or license is
obtained from competent authority as may be required under any law for the time being in force.
4. The liability of the member(s) is limited.
5. The Authorized Capital of the Company is Rs. 100000/- (Rupees One Hundred Thousand) divided into 10000 (
Ten Thousand ) Ordinary shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten ) each.

I, whose name and address is subscribed below, am desirous of being formed into a company, in pursuance of this
memorandum of association, and to take the number of shares in the capital of the company as set opposite our
respective name(s):
Name and
NIC No. (in Father`s/
surname
case of
Husband`s
(present &
foreigner,
Name in full
former) in
Passport No)
full (in Block
Letters)

Nationality(i Occupation
es) with any
former
Nationality

Usual
Number of
Signatures
residential
shares taken
address in
by each
full or the
subscriber
registered/ (in figures
principal
and words)
office
address for
a subscriber

other than
natural
person
ZAMEEN
DEVELOP
MENTS
(PRIVATE)
LIMITED
through
Mariam
Saleem
Akbar
Sheikh

0120258/
352029099
8204

Not
Required

10 ( Ten )
Dated the 17 day of March ,2025

Pakistan

Service

GROUND
FLOOR,
MEGA
TOWER,
63-B, MAIN
BOULEVA
RD, MAIN
GULBERG,
LAHORE
LAHORE
PUNJAB
54000,
Lahore,
Lahore,
Punjab,
Pakistan

10 (Ten )

Electronical
ly Signed