a

4,

eevar

Developers (Pvt) Limited

ZAMEEN OPAL
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

(VOLUME-Ill)
(PART 1/2)

CIVIL WORKS

CONSTRUCTION OF ZAMEEN OPAL PHASE -II
"GREY STRUCTURE @ LABOUR RATE COVERED AREA BASE"

AT
PLot #16 Land Breeze Society, Raiwind Road Lahore.

Labour Rate Contract
Zameen OPAL

Technical Specifications of Contract
Zameen OPAL

-

Technical Specifications-OPAL

Termite Control. Treatment
1.

SCOPE

1.1.

The scope of work for anti termite treatment includes injection of insecticide in
sides and bottom of foundation trenches, spraying on stockpiled backfill material
and injections of the insecticide in floor sub-grade of the building. The scope also
covers treatment of all wood works with insecticides before installation in
position, or any activity that in the Opinion of the Engineer is required.

2.

SUBMITTALS

2.1.

All the Material for this activity shall be provided by the Client. The Contractor
shalt Submit Methodology that shall state how the activity shall be executed.

2.2.

The Contactor shall prepare the surface for execution and shall acquire written
approval from the Engineer for the work to be commenced.

2.3.

The Contactor shall submit submittal for the inspection to the Engineer of said
activity once it is completed.

3.

Reference

ASTM D3345 - 17 Standard Test Method for Laboratory Evaluation of Solid Wood
for Resistance to Termites
UFGS 3131 16.19 - TERMITE CONTROL BARRIERS

4.

QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1. In addition to the requirements of these specifications, the manufacturer's
instructions and recommendations for the work, including preparation of
substrata and application shall be complied with Engineer Instructions for the
execution of this activity.

5.

Application

5.1.

A professional operator shall be engaged who shall have license in accordanc
regulations of governing authorities for application of soil treatment sot
shall be replaced in the opinion of the Engineer.

Technical Specifications-OPAL

6.

MATERIAL

6.1.

An emulsible concentrated insecticide shall be used for dilution with water,
specially formulated to prevent infestation by termites. Fuel oil will not be
permitted as a diluent. Provide a working solution for chemicals with clean
portable water in ratio directed by the engineer that shall comply with
manufacturer's instructions unless other wise specified by the manufacturer!
supplier.

7.

Preparations / Mixing

7.1.

All mixing shall be done at site and mixing proportion of insecticide with water
shall be verified by Engineer.

7.2.

Pure turpentine shall be used for dilution of insecticide, in approved proportion for
application to woodwork where such application is required.

8.

METHOD AND EXTENT OF APPLICATION

8.1.

Insecticide solution shall be applied with approved pressure spraying equipment
maintaining a pressure of 150 PSI to all applications to, on or in earth.

8.2.

Soil treatment shall begin after all work of preparation of earth prior to
installation of concrete has been done. After application, no additional earth
moving or work upon sub grade will be allowed, unless directed by the Engineer.

8.3.

No covering of earth or concrete should be applied over soil treatment until at
least 24 hours after treatment has been made. Solution should not be applied
during wet weather, or when the earth surface is excessively wet.

8.4.

Application should be made to all areas beneath concrete stabs-on-grade,
including sidewalks and paving abutting buildings for distance of at least 2 meters
beyond building line.

8.5.

Solution shall be applied as specified by the Manufacturer and/or as directed by
the Engineer.

Technical Specifications-OPAL

8.6.

Insecticide shall penetrate to a depth of 25-mm minimum in porous earth at
bottom and 50 mm to 75 mm at sides of excavations.

8.7.

Sides of foundation excavations, grade beam, and similar areas shall, be treated
with solution as specified by the Manufacturer, and at all locations where concrete
slabs for platforms and similar work abut the building.

8.8.

Similar treatment shalt be made at all locations where expansion joints, control
joints, column bases and similar work occur at or below grade slabs.

8.9.

In the areas of application signs shall be fixed to show that soil treatment has been
applied. Such signs shall be removed when areas are covered by other
construction.

8.10. Care shall be exercised to ensure that no marks or damage occurs to the finished
structure as a result of the work under this section.
**All woodwork for the entire project is to be
insecticide treated (before application of
Solution). Insecticide shall be sprayed on aLL
surfaces of all the wooden work viz., door
frames, blocking, furring, planks, boards etc.
before installation. Spraying is to be done at
the site, after delivery and before installation.
No spraying shall be necessary after field
sawing jointing or installation of such
material.

9.

Contractors Liability

9.1.

The cost there of shall be deemed to have been included in the quoted unit rate of
the respective items of the Tender for the activity and the pre-requisites required
that are, but not limited to
i.

Termite control treatment on wood works.

ii.

Turpentine & Water required for mixing insecticide solution.

iii.

Transportation of material and storage at site.

iv.

Anti-termite treatment on stock piled backfill material.

v.

Tool, plant & equipment required for Termite control treatme

Technical Specifications-OPAL

Technical Specifications-OPAL
FILL and BackfiLL and De-Watering

1.

SCOPE OF WORK;

1.1.

The work covered under this section of specification consists of furnishing all
plant, Labor, equipment, appliances and materials and in performing all operation
in connection with dewatering filling and back filling for all construction works,
complete in strict accordance with the section of the specifications/Direction of
the Engineer, the applicable drawings and subject to terms and conditions of the
contract.

1.2.

The contractor shall inspect the site and acquaint himself fully and completely
with all varyingsoit conditions before commencement of this activity.

2.

RELATED SECTIONS

The following is a list of SPECIFICATIONS that adhere to the activity
i.

Section 01 5719,

-Temporary Environmental Controls

ii.

Section 31 23 00,

-Excavation and Fill.

iii.

Section 31 2333,

-Trenching and Backfilling.

iv.

Section 31 35 00,

-Erosion and Sedimentation Control

v.

ASTM D698

- Compaction

3.

Drainage of site and protection from storm water inflow:

3.1.

The contractor will be responsible to keep the Site in dry state. He will be checking
the inflow of rain water from outside of the site and will pump out any rain water,
subsoil water, storm water, leakage from sewers or water supply mains or any
waste water ad shall keep the site neat and clean.

3.2.

The contractor shall have included the amount in his quoted amount for the
section of this work.

3.3.

The contractor shall control the grading in the vicinity of the site of the
order to prevent any water from moving into the excavated areas.

4.

Protection of Existing Building, works and under construction structure

Technical Specifications-OPAL
4.1.

The contractor shall provide at his own cost all requisite, needling a strengthening
or other support to retaining walls, floors, etc., necessary for holding in position
and safety of existing hailing, adjoining structures, embankments and ground, and
the basement structure and to protect the adjoining Client s and the general
public. The contactor shall at his cost alter, adopt and maintain all such temporary
works as may be necessary from time to time and finally clear away and make
good all disturbed items. He will make necessary provisions in his Contractor rates
for excavation to the extent to cover his liabilities adequately without any extra
claims or any extra payment on this account. The contactor will be held solely
responsible for the safety of the under-construction structure and adjoining
structure against sliding of earth, and the stability of adjoining ground and
buildings.

5.

Protection of Utility Lines

5.1.

When any existing utility tines whether to be retained or to be removed are
encountered within the areas of operations the contractor shalt notify the
Engineer and shall not proceed until necessary measures are taken for protection
or removal of the lines and instructions are obtained from the engineer. This will
be done at no extra cost to the employer.

5.2.

Excess and undesirable materials, from excavation, not required for fill or back fill
shall be disposed, removed and or deposited and leveled on the site where directed
by the Engineer. Earth suitable and meant for backfill shall be stored at site or at
locations approved by the Engineer in a manner not to interfere with the progress
of construction works at no extra cost.
**pursuant to the agreement Signed, it is communicated
to the Contractor and the Engineer by the Client, that the
Excavation shalt be Done by the Client or through a subContractor, however as per the Agreed scope of Work, any
Excavation that is required shall be performed by the
Contractor, for with the work approved by the Engineer,
or any Excavation that has been approved by the
Contractor and requires further Work, that shalt be
Executed by the Contractor.

6.

FILLAND BACK FILL: