Software License Agreement
This Software License Agreement shall be effective from 1 October 2025 (the “Agreement”)
Parties

(1)

IT Consulting and Services, a company incorporated and registered in Pakistan with
company registration number 2010-11/0775 whose registered office is at 6/K, Block 2,
P.E.C.H.S, Karachi, Pakistan, through its authorized representative Mr. Taimur Khan
(Supplier); and

(2)

Zameen Media Pvt Limited, with CUIN: 0078950 whose registered office is at Pearl One,
94-B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Phase III DHA, Lahore, Pakistan, through its authorized
representative Mr. Adeel Sarwar Alvi, holding CNIC No. 35202-2314699-9 (Customer).

Background
(A)

The Supplier is an official reseller and support service provider of the Software (as defined
in Clause 1.1 below).

(B)

The Customer wishes to obtain and the Supplier has agreed to provide the Software to
the Customer.

Agreed terms

1.

Interpretation

1.1

The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause apply in this Agreement.
Affiliate: in relation to the Customer, any business entity from time to time controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with, the Customer.
Business Day a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Pakistan.
Business Hours: the period from 9.00 am to 6.00 pm on any Business Day.
Control: a business entity shall be deemed to "control" another business entity if it owns,
directly or indirectly, in excess of 50% of the outstanding voting securities or capital stock
of such business entity.
Intellectual Property Rights: patents, utility models, rights to inventions, copyright and
related rights, trade marks and service marks, trade names and domain names, rights in
get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs,
rights in computer software, database rights, rights to preserve the confidentiality of
information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property
1

rights, including all applications for (and rights to apply for and be granted), renewals or
extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent
rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist, now or in the future, in any part
of the world.
Maintenance Release: a release of the Software which corrects faults, adds functionality
or otherwise amends or upgrades the Software, but which does not constitute a New
Version.
Modification: any Maintenance Release or New Version.
New Version: any new version of the Software which from time to time is publicly
marketed and offered for purchase by the Software Provider in the course of its normal
business, being a version, which contains such significant differences from the previous
versions as to be generally accepted in the marketplace as constituting a new product.
Software: the software provided by the Service Provider licensed to the Client through
the Supplier as set out in Schedule 1 and all user documentation in respect of such
Software and any Modification which is acquired by the Customer during the subsistence
of this Agreement.
Software Provider means Microsoft Corporation.
Vulnerability: a weakness in the computational logic (for example, code) found in
software and hardware components that, when exploited, results in a negative impact to
confidentiality, integrity, or availability, and the term Vulnerabilities shall be interpreted
accordingly.
2.

Access

2.1

The Supplier shall make available to the Customer the Software as set out in Schedule 1.

2.2

For a period of thirty (30) days from the date of this Agreement, the Customer may
discontinue the use of the Software if it does not perform to the Customer's satisfaction.
If the Customer does so, the Supplier shall immediately refund all monies paid by the
Customer under this Agreement and, on receipt of that refund, this Agreement shall
terminate.

2.3

The Customer shall have no right to copy, adapt, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble
or modify the Software in whole or in part except:
(a)

as permitted by law; or

(b)

to the extent that such action is legitimately required for the purposes of
integrating the operation of the Software with the operation of other software or
systems used by the Customer or any Affiliate.

2

2.4

The Customer shall be permitted to assign or novate the benefit and burden of the license
to the Software granted under this Agreement as a whole to any company which at the
time in question is an Affiliate. All references in this Agreement to the Customer shall be
construed as including any such company. The Supplier shall continue to comply with the
provisions of this Agreement after any such assignment or novation.

3.

Term and Payments

3.1

In consideration of the Customer's obligation to pay the License Fee, the Supplier grants
to the Customer and its Affiliates a worldwide, sub-licensable, non-exclusive license to use
the Software for a term of twelve (12) months commencing on 1st October 2025 and any
extensions thereto (“Term”). The Customer may extend the Term by providing written
intimation of such intention to the Supplier at least fifteen (15) days prior to the conclusion
of the current Term.

3.2

The fee for each license of the Software for the Term shall be fixed at USD 149.226
(Inclusive of 5% Punjab Sales Tax on Services). The support services shall be provided by
the Supplier at no additional cost. The Customer shall bear any deductions such as bank
charges, taxes or any other deductions.

3.3

The Supplier shall issue an invoice for the number of licenses used by the Customer on
Annual basis. The payment of any undisputed invoices due shall be made within thirty (30)
days from the date of receipt of invoice.

3.4

All invoices shall be issued in United States Dollars (USD); however, payment shall be made
in Pakistani Rupees (PKR) at the Open Market TT Selling Rate. The conversion rate
applicable shall be the rate prevailing on the invoice date, provided that payment is made
within fifteen (15) days from the invoice receipt date; otherwise, the conversion rate
prevailing on the actual date of payment shall apply. All payments shall be subject to
deduction of applicable withholding taxes, including both Federal and Provincial taxes, in
accordance with the laws of Pakistan, and any such deductions duly deposited with the
relevant authorities shall constitute a valid discharge of the payer’s tax obligations against
the corresponding amount.

3.5

If any dispute arises in relation to the invoice, the Customer shall, within thirty (30) days
of the receipt of the invoice submit a written notice to the Service Provider informing the
Supplier of such dispute. The parties shall negotiate in good faith to attempt to resolve
any such disputes within thirty (30) days of the receipt of the notice of dispute. In the
event the parties fail to resolve the matter within the time period stated herein, the
dispute shall be resolved as per the dispute resolution mechanism provided in clause 21.

3

4.

Support Services

4.1

The Supplier shall provide such information and support services as may be reasonably
requested by the Customer to enable the Supplier to properly and efficiently to discharge
its duties under this Agreement.

4.2

The Supplier shall provide the Customer support services via multiple paths including
phone, email and an online support helpdesk as set out in Schedule 1.

4.3

The Supplier shall maintain records of all support incidences during the Term. Copies of
such records shall be readily available to the Customer as and when requested by the
Customer, provided a prior notice of two (02) days is given to the Supplier by the
Customer.

5.

New Versions and Maintenance Releases

5.1

The Supplier shall promptly inform the Customer of any New Version and shall offer to
provide such New Version to the Customer on the terms on which they are generally made
available to the Software Provider’s customers by the Software Provider.

5.2

The Supplier will provide the Customer with all Maintenance Releases no later than when
these are generally made available to the Software Provider’s other customers.

6.

Confidentiality and publicity

6.1

Each party undertakes that it shall not at any time during this Agreement, and for a period
of two (2) years after termination or expiry of this Agreement, disclose to any person any
confidential information concerning the business, assets, affairs, customers, clients or
suppliers of the other party or of any member of the group of companies to which the
other party belongs, except as permitted by clause 6.2.

6.2

Each party may disclose the other party's confidential information:
(a)

to its employees, officers, representatives, contractors, subcontractors or
advisers who need to know such information for the purposes of exercising the
party's rights or carrying out its obligations under or in connection with this
agreement. Each party shall ensure that its employees, officers, representatives,
contractors, subcontractors or advisers to whom it discloses the other party's
confidential information comply with this clause 5; and

(b)

as may be required by law, a court of competent jurisdiction or any governmental
or regulatory authority.

4

6.3

No party shall use any other party's confidential information for any purpose other than
to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under or in connection with this
Agreement.

6.4

The Supplier may not refer to the Customer or this Agreement in any publicity or
advertising material without first obtaining the Customer's written consent.

7.

Supplier's warranties

7.1

The Supplier acknowledges that the Customer has entered into this Agreement in reliance
upon the Supplier's entitlement and expertise in supplying the Software as an official
reseller for the Software.

7.2

The Supplier warrants that:
(a)

it has the right to enter into this Agreement and to resell or grant to the Customer
a license to use the Software and provide support services as contemplated by
this Agreement;

(b)

the Software is free from Vulnerabilities, viruses and other malicious code;

7.3

If, within the Term, the Customer notifies the Supplier of any defect or fault in the Software
in consequence of which it fails to conform to any of the warranties in clause 7.2, the
Supplier shall, at the Supplier's option, promptly get the Software repaired or replaced.

7.4

The warranties in clause 7.2 shall apply to any Modification that is acquired by the
Customer during the course of this Agreement as though the references to the date of this
Agreement were references to the date on which such Modification was acquired.

8.

Liability and Limitations

8.1

The Supplier shall be and remain primarily responsible and liable to the Customer for any
defaults and/or failures of any third party or the Software Provider to honour any of its
terms, undertakings, assurances and policies including warranty, support, repair,
replacement and return.

8.2

Subject to clause 8.4, neither party shall in any circumstances have any liability for any
losses or damages which may be suffered by the other or any Affiliate of the other (or any
person claiming under or through the same), whether the same are suffered directly or
indirectly, which fall within any of the following categories:
(a)

special damage even though that party was aware of the circumstances in which
such special damage could arise;

(b)

loss of anticipated profits;

(c)

loss of anticipated savings;
5

(d)

loss of business opportunity and management time;

(e)

loss of goodwill,

provided that this clause 8.2 shall not prevent claims for direct financial loss that are not
excluded by any of categories (a) to (e) inclusive of this clause 8.2.
8.3

Subject to clause 8.4, the total liability of the Customer, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence) or otherwise and whether in connection with this agreement or any
collateral contract, shall in no circumstances exceed a sum equal to the Fee.

8.4

The exclusions in clause 8.2 shall apply to the fullest extent permissible at law but neither
party excludes any liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence, or the
negligence of its employees or agents, or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or the
deliberate default or wilful misconduct of that party, its employees or agents or
subcontractors.

9.

Intellectual Property Rights indemnity

9.1

All Intellectual Property Rights in the Software and any Modification belong, and shall
belong, to the Software Provider.

9.2

The Supplier undertakes to defend the Customer from and against any claim or action that
the possession, use, development, modification or maintenance of the Software (or any
part thereof) infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party or from any claims
or actions arising between the Supplier and the Software Provider in relation to the use,
sale, resale, licensing or sublicensing of the Software (Claim) and shall fully indemnify and
hold harmless the Customer from and against any losses, damages, costs (including all
legal fees) and expenses incurred by or awarded against the Customer as a result of, or in
connection with, any such Claim.

9.3

If any third party makes a Claim, or notifies an intention to make a Claim against the
Customer, the Customer shall:
(a)

as soon as reasonably practicable, give written notice of the Claim to the Supplier,
specifying the nature of the Claim in reasonable detail; and

(b)

not make any admission of liability, agreement or compromise in relation to the
Claim without the prior written consent of the Supplier (such consent not to be
unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed).

10.

Termination

10.1

In relation to termination:
(a)

this Agreement may be terminated only:
6

10.2

(i)

by the Customer at any time by ten (10) days written notice to the
Supplier;

(ii)

by the Supplier within fifteen (15) of serving a written notice for default
of payment to the Customer if the Customer fails to pay the fee in
accordance with clause 3.1

(iii)

immediately by either party upon termination or suspension of the
agreement between the Supplier and the Software Provider.

If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause 10.1(a)(iii) above, the Service Provider
will either:
(a)

provide written notice to the Customer, as soon as possible, of any circumstances
that may cause termination or suspension of the Agreement between the
Supplier and the Software Provider; or

(b)

Provide compensation to the Customer with respect to any loss / damage
suffered on account of the suspension of the Agreement between the Supplier
and the Software Provider.

10.3

The termination of this Agreement by either party in accordance with the rights contained
in clause 10.1(a) shall not affect the accrued rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of
the parties existing at termination.

10.4

Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, the Customer may terminate
this Agreement with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier if the
Supplier commits a material breach of its obligations under the Agreement.

10.5

On termination or expiry of this Agreement, the following clauses shall continue in force:
clause 6, clause 7, clause 8 and this clause 9.

10.6

Termination or expiry of this Agreement shall not affect any rights, remedies, obligations
or liabilities of the parties that have accrued up to the date of termination or expiry,
including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the agreement which
existed at or before the date of termination or expiry.

11.

Waiver

11.1

A waiver of any right or remedy is only effective if given in writing and shall not be deemed
a waiver of any subsequent right or remedy.

11.2

A delay or failure to exercise, or the single or partial exercise of, any right or remedy shall
not waive that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict the further
exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

7

12.

Rights and remedies
Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the rights and remedies provided under
this Agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided
by law.

13.

Entire agreement

13.1

This Agreement, the schedules and the documents annexed as appendices to this
Agreement, or otherwise referred to herein, contain the whole agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous and
contemporaneous agreements, promises, assurances and understandings between the
parties relating to that subject matter.

13.2

Each party acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement it does not rely on, and shall
have no remedies in respect of, any statement, representation, assurance or warranty
(whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in this Agreement.

13.3

Each party agrees that it shall have no claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation
or negligent misstatement based on any statement in this Agreement.

13.4

Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

14.

Variation
No variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the
parties (or their authorised representatives).

15.

Severance

15.1

If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of the rest of this Agreement.

15.2

If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is deemed deleted under clause 14.1
the parties shall negotiate in good faith to agree a replacement provision that, to the
greatest extent possible, achieves the intended commercial result of the original
provision.

16.

Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts shall together constitute the one
Agreement.
8