BEFORE THE CONSUMER PROTECTION COURT, KARACHI (SOUTH)
Complaint No. 48 of 2024

Salman Tariq …………………….………………………………….… Complainant
versus
OLX Pakistan…………………………………………………………… Respondent

COMPLAINT UNDER THE SINDH CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT, 2014

WRITTEN STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF RESPONDENT (OLX)

The Respondent respectfully submits as under:
INTRODUCTION TO THE RESPONDENT AND ITS BUSINESS MODEL:
The Respondent, Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited
(hereinafter referred to as “OLX”) is a private limited company incorporated
under the laws of Pakistan having its registered office at 29-Q, M.M. Alam
Extension

Road,

Gulberg

II, Lahore,

Pakistan.

OLX

owns

and

operates www.olx.com.pk (the “Website”), the iOS and Android Applications
(the “App”). The Website and the Apps are collectively referred to as the
Platform. OLX through its Platform provides an online marketplace for
classified advertisements where third-party sellers advertise and sell their
goods and services through their user accounts.
PRELIMINARY OBJECTIONS:
A. The captioned Complaint is barred by limitation under section 29 (4) of the
Sindh Consumer Protection Act, 2014 (hereinafter “SCPA 2014”). Section
29 (4) commands that a Claim shall be filed within 30 (thirty) days of the
arising of the cause of action. The Complaint (as per para 11) mentions the
accrual of cause of action on 29.02.2024 when the Complainant allegedly
purchased the package from the Respondent. The Complaint does not
disclose precisely when the Complainant found out that the services were
deficient, however, assuming the date of knowledge to be 10.05.2024, if not
before, when the Legal Notice was dispatched to the Respondent, the
Complaint ought to have been filed on or before 08.06.2024. The captioned

Complaint was admittedly filed on 20.07.2024 i.e. at least after a delay of 43
(forty-three) days and hence the same is liable to be dismissed on this
ground alone.

The cause of action, where the product or service is allegedly faulty, arises
the moment the consumer obtains knowledge that the product or service is
defective or faulty. Reliance is placed on PLD 2023 SC 482.

B. No explanation has been provided whatsoever for the delay in the
Complaint, nor has any prayer or application for condonation of delay been
made or filed to seek exemption from limitation. The only inescapable
outcome of filing a time barred Complaint without a prayer/application
for condonation, sufficiently explaining the reasons for delay, is the
dismissal of the Complaint in limine. Moreover, any application for
condonation of delay is barred by section 29 (2) of the Limitation Act, as the
2014 Act is a special law. Reliance is placed on 2017 CLD 1196 and PLD
2014 Lah. 196.
C. That it is the bounden duty of the Court to address the question of
limitation in the first instance before proceeding with the Complaint and
should bury a time barred Claim at its inception. Reliance is placed on 2019
CLC 580.

It is settled law that limitation is not a mere technicality, and where the
limitation period has expired, a right accrues in favour of the other side
which cannot be lightly brushed aside. Reliance is placed on PLD 2023 SC
482.
D. The liability of a provider of services is governed by section 13 of the SCPA,
2014. Section 13 provides that “a provider of services shall be liable to a
consumer for damages proximately caused by the provision of service that have
caused damage.” Without conceding to the merits of the other claims, the
claims in para 6 and 10 with regards to the damage caused to the physical
health and loss of reputation and honour, respectively, are not
maintainable as the same are remote.
E. That section 15 of the SCPA 2014 places a restriction on the grant of
damages for defective and faulty services, where the consumer has not
suffered any damages from the provision of service damages except lack of
benefit. Arguendo and subject to proof, the Complainant can only be

granted part of the consideration for the alleged deficient services. No claim
beyond this is entertainable in light of section 13 read with section 15 of the
SCPA 2014.

F. That the Complaint is frivolous and vexatious as framed against the
Answering Defendant and merits outright dismissal under section 36 of
Act of 2014. Maximum fine as envisaged by section 36 of the Act of 2014
should kindly be imposed on the Complainant/Claimant and the same
may be awarded in favour of the Defendant.

It is settled law that where a provision uses the word “shall” and requires
an authority to do something in a particular manner, it is deemed to be
mandatory. 2017 SCMR 1427.
REPLY ON FACTS:
1. The contents of Paragraph 1 are self-laudatory assertions which are
immaterial to the merits of this case and should be disregarded as such.
Notwithstanding the above, the assertions made in the para-under-reply
are denied for want of knowledge and the Complainant is put to strict proof
thereof.

2. The contents of Paragraph 2 are admitted to the extent of the Respondent
being a commercial entity operating under the name of OLX. However, the
Respondent denies the implication that it operates as an advertising
company. The Respondent is a technology platform facilitating the hosting
of classified ads posted by users, and its role is limited to providing the
digital infrastructure for such transactions.

3. The contents of Paragraph 3 are admitted, however, it is submitted that the
screenshots of the chat annexed with the Complaint do not disclose a full
picture of the communication that happened between the Complainant and
Mr. Sheroz Khan and the text of the entire chat should be produced and
relied on for context and full disclosure.

4. The contents of Paragraph 4 are denied, and the Complainant is put to strict
proof thereof. Allegations regarding unresponsiveness by Mr. Sheroz
Khan, failure to honor the full package by Mr. Tabish, or lack of satisfactory

resolution are baseless and unsupported by evidence. Any inconvenience
or distress claimed by the Complainant is denied.

5. The contents of Paragraph 5 are denied as stated and the Complainant is
put to strict proof thereof.

6. The contents of Paragraph 6 are false and frivolous, hence denied. The
Respondent has provided services in full compliance with the agreed terms
and conditions, and no evidence has been provided by the Complainant to
substantiate the allegations of defective or faulty services. The claims of
mental stress, physical health toll, irreparable loss, and unrecoverable
damage are speculative, baseless, and devoid of merit and the Complainant
is put to strict proof thereof. Contents of preliminary objection D and E are
reiterated.

7. The contents of Paragraph 7 are denied and the Complainant is put to strict
proof thereof. It is denied that the Respondent’s provision of service was
faulty or deficient or that it resulted in any losses to the Complainant. Any
alleged losses claimed by the Complainant are unsubstantiated, baseless,
and do not arise from any fault or deficiency on the part of the Respondent.

8. The contents of Paragraph 8 are false and frivolous, hence denied and the
Complainant is put to strict proof thereof. The claim of mental torture, pain,
agony, anguish, or anxiety besides being barred by law is entirely
speculative, unsubstantiated, and without merit, hence denied. The claim
for

damages

amounting

to

Rs.

500,000

is

grossly

excessive,

disproportionate, and entirely without legal or factual basis, especially
given that the total value of the transaction in question was Rs. 8,862. Such
an exorbitant demand lacks any rational nexus to the alleged grievance and
appears to be made with the intent to unjustly enrich the Complainant at
the expense of the Respondent.

9. The contents of paragraph 9 are denied as framed. The Respondent denies
that its authorized representatives tendered apologies or assured a refund
along with damages. No such commitment was ever made, and the
allegations are baseless and unsupported by evidence. Furthermore, the
Complainant has failed to disclose the date of the alleged interaction,
making it impossible to verify or respond effectively to the claims. The
Respondent also submits that the claim is barred by the limitation period

prescribed under Section 29 of the SCPA, as any alleged cause of action
arising from the purported interaction and the one-month period claimed
by the Complainant has not been pursued within the statutory timeframe.
The allegations of employing delaying tactics are frivolous and without
merit and are denied as such.

10. The contents of Paragraph 10 are denied in their entirety and are responded
to as follows:
a. Monetary loss: Rs.8,862
The alleged monetary loss of Rs. 8,862 is baseless, as the Respondent has
fulfilled its obligations under the agreed terms and conditions.
b. Mental torture, agony, anguish and anxiety: Rs.100,000
The claim for mental torture, agony, anguish and anxiety is not
maintainable in the face of section 15 of the SCPA which restricts the grant
of damages in the case of liability arising out of any defective and faulty
services to only a return of part or full consideration and the costs.
Notwithstanding this, the sum of Rs.100,000 is speculative, exaggerated,
and disproportionate to the nature of the transaction.
c. Loss of reputation and honour: Rs.150,000
The claim for loss of reputation and honour is denied and the Complainant
is put to strict proof thereof. The claim besides being barred by section 15
of the SCPA is absurd and farcical. A Consumer Court established under
the SCPA, being a Court of special jurisdiction is only empowered to take
actions listed in section 32 of the SCPA. Damages on account of loss of
reputation and or honour, even if established, falls outside the jurisdiction
of a Consumer Court and cannot be granted as such.
d. Damages: Rs.200,000
The claim for damages is denied and the Complainant is put to strict proof
thereof. Without conceding, no damage, except lack of benefit could have
been cause by the alleged deficient services. Moreover, the damages have
not been classified as to whether they are being claimed as general or
special damages.
e. Counsel Fee: Rs.50,000

The demand for the Counsel fee is also denied, as the Respondent is not
liable for the Complainant’s legal expenses, especially when the complaint
itself is frivolous and baseless.

11. The contents of Paragraph 11 are denied as false and frivolous and the
Complainant is put to strict proof thereof. It is further denied that the cause
of action is a recurring one.

12. The contents of Paragraph 12 are denied to the extent of accrual of cause of
action. No cause of action has accrued to the Complainant.

13. The contents of the Prayer Clause are denied as follows:

Prayer clause (A) is vehemently denied. No proceedings whatsoever are
warranted against the Respondent as the Respondent has not contravened
any provision of the SCPA 2014. Moreover, the claim for monetary
compensation has been responded to in para 10 above and its contents are
incorporated herein.

Prayer clause (B) is denied. The Complainant is not entitled to any relief
from this Hon’ble Court as the Complaint is barred by limitation and is
liable to be dismissed summarily. It is, in fact, the Defendant who is entitled
to receiving costs as envisaged by section 36 of the Act of 2014.

RESPONDENT
Dated:
Karachi

ADVOCATE FOR RESPONDENT

VERIFICATION

I, Murtaza Zaheer, s/o Zaheer Uddin, Muslim, Adult, duly authorized
representative of Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited,

having its registered office at 29-Q, M.M. Alam Extension Road, Gulberg
II, Lahore, Pakistan, do hereby solemnly affirm and verify on oath that
whatever is stated above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge
and belief.

DEPONENT
CNIC No. 42201-0405340-1
Cell No. +92 300 8568198
Documents filed:
Documents relied upon:
Address of the Respondent:

As in the title of the Complaint.

Address of the Counsel for the

Sanaullah Khan

Respondent:

MCA Law Associates
14-C, First Floor,
21st Street off Khayaban-e-Seher
Phase VI, DHA, Karachi.