PART II – SPECIAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 Add to, delete from, substitute or amend the Clauses and Sub-Clauses 
 of the Conditions of Contract Part I as under. 
 
 
 Definitions and Interpretation 
 Definitions 
 1.1 In Para (a) ( i ) 
 
 Employer means “ Mall 35 , partnership registered under the laws of Pakistan with its registered office located at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg II, Lahore.” 
 
 In Para (a) (ii) 
 
 Contractor means Tameer Construction (Private) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan with its registered office located at Tameer 234 Westwood Colony, Thokar Niaz Baig , Lahore, Pakistan . 
 
 delete the line 'but not (except with the consent of)' 
 after 'such person' add the word "and" 
 After the words 'appointed by the Employer' add the words "from time to time”. 
 Delete the following words ‘Provided always… ….during his tenure’ 
 
 Para (a) (vi) Delete 
 In para (b) (vii) 
 Delete the words ‘(if any)’ 
 In para (d) ( i ) 
 Delete the words ‘otherwise agreed by the Engineer and the Contractor’ 
 
 Replace deleted words with the following words: 
 "or any other tests which may be required by the Employer to check and verify the successful completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof , " 
 Replace the word 'made' in the second line with the word "conducted and/or performed". 
 
 Amend Para (f) (vii) to read as follows: 
 
 " Site " means the places provided by the Employer where the Works are to be executed i.e. 35-A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt., Rawalpindi and any other places as may be specifically designated in the Contract as forming part of the Site." 
 
 In Para (g) ( i ) 
 after the words `to be incurred' add the words "by the Contractor". 
 
 Para (g) (iii) Deleted 
 
 
 1.1 Add the following sub-clauses: 
 1.1.(h)( i ) Materials : "means things of all kinds intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works and/or the Temporary Works, including the supply-only materials to be supplied by the Employer under the Contract , unless otherwise specified ." 
 Wherever the term 'materials' has been used in the Contract shall be read as "Materials". 
 1.1.(h)(ii) " Mobilization Advance Guarantee " means the Guarantee to be provided to the Employer by the Contractor against mobilization advance to be given to the Contractor by the Employer in the form set out in Appendix to Tender A . 
 1.1.(h)(iii) "Good Industry Practices" means the standards, practices, methods and procedures conforming to l aw and that degree of skill, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably be expected from a skilled and experienced contractor engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same circumstances . 
 
 1.1(h)(iv) “ K now-How ” shall mean the know - how, technical knowledge and methods, current and accumulated experiences acquired by the Contractor as a result of practical experiences or otherwise in connection with the execution of works similar to the Works, up to the date of the signature of the Contact Agreement and which are required by the Contractor for the due performance and execution of Works. 
 
 1.1.(h)(v) “ Milestone ” means any event which may be the start of or, as the case may be, the completion of the whole of a specified activity, as detailed in Appendix G/1 to Tender. 
 
 1.1.(h)(vi) “ Standards ” means the applicable version of the environmental guidelines and occupational health and safety standards and technical standards of the relevant industry, including but not limited to standards relating to the protection of environment, evaluation of chemicals brought on the Site, occupational health and safety, insurances, prevention and investigation of accidents, incident, injuries, or illnesses, conditions for workmen and labour and such standards as are applicable to the Works being carried out by the Contractor at the Site. 
 
 1.1.(h)(vii) " Defects Liability Period " means period for notifying and remedying the defects in the Works or sections of the Works as stated in the Contract calculated from the date as described in Clause 49.1. 
 
 1.1. (h)(viii) " Contractor's Documents " shall mean and include the calculations, drawings, manuals, models, specifications, supplementary drawings and other documents of a technical nature (if any) supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 1.1. (h)(ix) " Bank or Insurance Guarantee " means the guarantee(s) to be provided by the Contractor to the Employer as guarantee against an equivalent amount of Mobilization Advance, or against an equivalent amount of Retention Money to be released by the Employer, for a period and in the form set out in Appendix A to Tender. 
 1.1. (h)(x) " Performance Security " means Performance Security to be provided by the Contractor to the Empl oyer equival ent to ten per cent ( 1 0 % ) of the Contract Price, which shall remain valid till issuance of Defects Liability Certificate and in the form stated in Appendix A to Tender. 
 
 Engineer and Engineer’s Representative 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 Engineer’s Authority to Delegate 
 2.3 In first Para delete the words “ and shall not take effect until a copy thereof has been delivered to the Employer and the Contractor ”. 
 
 In second Para provisos (a) and (b) are amended to read as follows: 
 
 any failure of the Engineer’s Representative to disapprove any Works or Materials or Plant shall not constitute approval, and shall therefore not prejudice the right and authority of the Engineer to reject or disapprove the Works, Materials or Plant and/or to given instructions for the rectification thereof; 
 
 If the Contractor questions any determination, instruction or communication of the Engineer’s Representative he may refer the matter to the Engineer who shall confirm, reverse or vary the contents of such determination, instruction or communication.” 
 
 Appointment of Assistants 
 Add the following at the end of Sub-Clause 2.4: 
 2.4 "All restrictions on the Engineer and Engineer's Representative authorities under the Contract shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any assistants, appointed pursuant to this clause, of the Engineer or Engineer's Representative." 
 
 Instructions in Writing / Site Order Book 
 Add the following Sub-Clause after Sub-clause 2.5: 
 2.5.1 The Contractor shall maintain at the S ite of W orks a “ Site Order Book ” (of triplicate leaves) for taking instructions and directions of the Engineer-in-Charge or Employer ’ s representatives. 
 Engineer not liable 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows: 
 2.7 Any approvals, determinations, failure to check, issuance of certificates, consents, examinations, inspections, instructions, notices, proposals, requests, tests (including Tests on Completion) or similar act of the Engineer shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its responsibilities under the Contract, including responsibility for errors, omissions, discrepancies , remedying of defects, and non - compliance and liability for the supply of Materials, and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Contract. 
 
 Neither the Engineer's authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Contract whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, his representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works." 
 
 Clause 2.8 shall be replaced with the following: 
 
 Replacement of 
 the Engineer 
 2.8 If the Employer replace s the Engineer, the Employer shall, notify the Contractor in writing of such , including the name of the name, address and relevant experience of the replace d Engineer. 
 
 Amend the title of Clause 3: 
 Replace the words "Assignment of C ontract" with the following: 
 "Assignment and Contractor's employees and 
 sub- contractors" 
 Assignment of Contract 
 
 3.1 
 Delete the words 'otherwise than by' Delete Para (a) and (b). 
 Employing or hiring of persons and contractors by Contractor 
 4.1 Replace the title and clause to read as follows: 
 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole of the Works. Except where otherwise provided by the Contract, the Contractor shall not subcontract any part of the Works without the prior consent of the Employer . The Contractor shall be entitled to employ or hire services of any independent contractor, with the prior written consent of the Employer, for the execution and completion of Works or part thereof. However, any such employment or hiring shall not constitute and be deemed as sub-contracting under this Contract and the Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc. of such employed or hired contractor. 
 
 Any hiring o r employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall no t create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent employees or contractors of the Contractor. 
 The Employer shall be entitled to withhold its consent as to hiring or employment of any such independent contractor and the Contractor shall not employ or hire services of such independent contractors, with regard to whom consent was not given by the Employer. 
 
 
 
 Priority of Contract Documents 
 COTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 Amend the Sub-Clause 5.2 as under: 
 
 5.2 Replace the priority of the documents forming the Contract with the following: 
 
 The Contract Agreement 
 The Appendix A to Tender 
 The Letter of Acceptance 
 The Special Conditions 
 The General Conditions 
 The Drawings 
 The Specifications 
 The Bill of Quantities . 
 
 
 Custody and 
 Supply of 
 Drawings and 
 Documents 
 
 One copy of Drawings &amp; Documents 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 6.1 In the fourth line replace the words “Unless it is strictly necessary for the purposes of the Contract” with “ Unless required by law or an order of the court ” … 
 
 
 6.2 In line replace the words "Drawings" with " c omplete set of Drawings and Contract Documents with up - to-date revisions." 
 
 Add the following new Paras in Sub-clause 6.2: 
 "Each of the Contractor's Documents shall be in the custody and care of the Contractor, unless and until taken over by the Employer. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, the Contractor shall supply to the Engineer three ( 3 ) copies of any proposals, documents and drawings produced by the Contractor. The Contractor shall keep, on the Site, a copy of the Contract, the Contractor's Documents, and Variations and other communications given under the Contract, with up to-date revisions. The Employer shall have the right of access to all these documents at all reasonable times. If a Party becomes aware of an error or defect of a technical nature in a document which was prepared for use in executing the Works, the Party shall promptly give notice to the other Party of such error or defect. " 
 
 Delays and cost of delay of Drawings 
 
 
 
 Failure by 
 Contractor to 
 Submit Drawings 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 6.4 In line 4, delete the words “and/ or incurs costs”. 
 In Para (a) replace “,” with “.” and delete the word “and” 
 Delete Para 6.4 (b). 
 6.5 In line 3, replace the words “Drawings, Specifications or other” with “any”. 
 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 
 Permanent 
 Works Designed 
 by Contractor 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contractor’s General Responsibilities 
 
 7. 2 Replace the following the words “ Contract expressly provides that part of the Permanent Works shall be designed by the Contractor , he” with “requested by the Employer that the Contractor designs the Permanent Works or any part thereof, the Contractor” 
 
 
 7.3 Delete the following words in the second line: 
 “ (to the extent provided for by the Contract )”. 
 
 General Obligations 
 
 
 
 Contractor’s General Responsibilities 
 Add words as follows to Sub-Clause: 
 
 8.1 ….Execute and complete the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix A to Tender and remedy…. 
 
 Add the following new Paras in Sub-Clause 8.1: 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all such work and provide all such services not specifically mentioned in the Contract but which are required for the proper execution and completion of the Works. When completed, the Works shall be fit for the purposes for which the Works are intended. 
 
 Upon the execution of the Contract, it shall be deemed that the Contractor has evaluated, approved and confirmed the requirements of the scope of work of the Contractor as provided in the Contract and its Appendixes and thereafter if any work is required to be performed for the purposes of the completion of the Works, in such an event Contractor shall be solely responsible and liable for executing such work and shall undertake, execute and complete any such works at its own cost and expense. 
 
 The Contractor shall be under an obligation to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, which every reasonable contractor could foresee, and shall cease to do any further work which may adversely affect by such defect, fault, incompatibility or error till such time as the Employer or Engineer instructs him to continue with such Works. However, if the Contractor fails to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, which every reasonable contractor could foresee, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable to make good any loss and damage, at its own cost and expense, caused due to such incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification." 
 Site Operation and Methods of 
 Construction 
 Delete the following lines from the Clause: 
 Provided that the Contractor shall not be responsible (except as stated hereunder or as may be otherwise agreed) for the design or specification of Permanent Works, or for the design or specification of any Temporary Works not prepared by the Contractor. 
 Amend the following Sub-Clauses: 
 8.2 After the words 'Temporary Works not prepared by the Contractor' add the following words, "subject to the requirement as contained in sub clause 8.1" 
 Contract Agreement 
 
 9.1 In second line read "Contractor" in place of "Employer" 
 
 Claims under Performance Security 
 
 10.3 Add the following para after the Sub-Clause: 
 
 For the sake of clarity, it is stated that the approval of the Contractor shall not be required or necessary to make a claim under the Performance Security. Moreover , failure to notify the Contractor shall not hinder, limit or in any manner whatsoever a ffect the right of the Employer to make a claim under the Performance Security . 
 Performance Security Binding on Variations and Changes. 
 
 10.4 Add in the first li n e after “ Performance Security ” the following words: 
 “ from an approved Insurance Company ” 
 
 
 Add the following Sub-Clause: 
 
 10.5 The Contractor shall be obliged to place all insurances relating to the Contract with and obtain the Performance Security as approved by the Employer from a reputable insurance Company of at least AA rating or above, preferably International General Insurance Company Limited, IGI. 
 
 
 
 Inspection of Site 
 Amend the Sub-Clauses: 
 
 11.1 In 11.1(b) after the words 'hydrological' add the words 'geological, topographic, atmospheric' 
 Add the following as 11.1(e) 
 (e) generally all and any other local conditions of the Site that affect or may affect the Contractor's execution of the Works and its obligations under the Contract. 
 The Contractor therefore hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all costs and contingencies for successfully executing the Works and satisfying all its obligations under the Contract and to bear all and any consequences result from its improper evaluation and interpretations. The Contractor undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above-mentioned conditions.” 
 
 Adverse Physical Obstructions or Conditions 
 
 12.2 Delete the Sub-clause 
 
 
 Data and Information 
 Add the following Sub-Clauses: 
 
 12.3 Data relating to Site Conditions and physical information contained in the Contract Documents or otherwise made available to the Contractor by the Employer are not intended as presentations or warranties but are furnished for the Contractor’s information only. It is expressly understood that the Employer will not be responsible for the accuracy thereof nor for any deduction interpretations or conclusions drawn therefrom. The information is made available in order that the Contractor may have the same information as is available to the Employer and is not part of the Contract. 
 
 Determination of Conditions not Foreseen 
 12.4 For the purpose of determining any question under the Sub-Clause as to whether any conditions or obstructions encountered by the Contractor are such as could not have been reasonably foreseen by an experienced contractor: 
 
 a) the Employer gives no representation or warranty as to any of the data or information referred to in Sub-Clause 12.3 either as to the accuracy or sufficiency thereof or as to how the same should be interpreted or otherwise howsoever and the Contractor shall make use of and interpret the same entirely on his own responsibility provided always that the Contractor shall not be precluded from referring to data or information in connection with the determination of any such question as aforesaid, and 
 
 b) the Contractor shall be deemed to have made careful and complete study prior to tende ring of all documents data, Site conditions / facilities and other things available to him and to have employed the engineering and other technical assistance necessary to foresee that which could have been foreseen from such documents data , Site conditions / facilities and other things. 
 Amend the followings in the Sub-Clause: 
 
 Work to be in accordance with Contract. 
 13.1 
 
 Add words as follows to Sub-Clause: 
 
 … …. execute and complete the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix A to Tender and remedy 
 
 Cash Flow Estimate to be Submitted 
 
 Amend the Sub-Clause: 
 14.3 For Cash flow estimate read monthly intervals instead of quarterly intervals appearing twice in the Sub Clause. 
 
 Detailed Programme , Progress Reports &amp; Review 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 14.5 In 14.5(c) (c) delete the words conditions due to weather conditions and in second line, read Engineer and Employer in place of Engineer. 
 
 Add to Sub-Clause: 
 14.5(d) Monthly or fortnightly Progress Review meetings between the Parties will be held at Site and must be attended by the authorized technical representative of the Contractor. 
 
 
 14.5 14.5(e) Weekly Planning Meetings shall also be held and attended by Contractor’s authorized representative (Resident Engineer), to plan details of Work systematically for the ensuing week (consistent and integral with the overall program), monitoring of progress and quality achieved in the past week and if there is a shortfall, planning remedial measure to be adopted to catch up with the programme . 
 
 and add: 
 The Detailed Programme , Progress Report &amp; Review shall be given / made timely. 
 
 
 Contractor’s Superintendence 
 Add Para to the Sub Clause: 
 15.1 The Contractor Site staff shall include, in addition to a q ualified and experienced authorized representativ e Resident Engineer registered with Pakistan Engineering Council (CV to be approved by the Employer), a Planner who is conversant with computer programs like MS PROJECTS or PRIMEVERA as also with Risk Analysis and Management Techniques. 
 
 Contractor’s Engineers &amp; Technical Personnel 
 Add to the Sub- C lause: 
 16.5 The Contractor shall employ solely for t