FIRST AMENDMENT
To Lease Agreement
by and between
Hafiz Muhammad Maqsood sb Abdul Kareem, holding CNIC No. 34101-6355779-7. acting
through his attorney Mr. Muhammad Yahya Butt sb

Hafiz Muhammad Maqsood. holding

CNIC No. 34101-7049787-7 (Lessor) and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Lessee")

{Each a 'Party" and, collectively. 'Parties]
This first amendment (First Amendment') to the Lease Agreement dated
December. 2021
26th
(Agreement') is made and entered into at Lahore on this
December. 2022.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease. and the
Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring 4500 sq.ft at second floor of a
building namely 'AK Tower' located at Mandiaala Mor. Main GT Road. Gujranwala
(Demised Premises'): and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Agreement as per the terms
and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The irst Amendment shall come into force on 26 December, 2022 (Effective Date").

2.

The Parties acknowledge that the Lessor has waived off the rental increment for the year
2023. Accordingly. the monthly rent payable by the Lessee to the Lessor for the Demised
Premises during the year 2023 shall remain same i.e. Rs. 100,000 (Rupees One Hundred
Thousand) per month inclusive of all applicable taxes ("Monthly Rent").

3.

This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall rmitatis mutandis apply and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
All expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning
in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.
This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment,

Lessee's initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY