BEFORE THE HONOURABLE LAHORE HIGH COURT LAHORE 
 
 Writ Petition No. 10234/2017 
 Mr. Asghar Shaheen, S/O Syed Mehdi Hussain R/O 4-Nabha Road, Faisalabad 
 
 … Petitioner 
 Versus 
 Government of Punjab, through Secretary Labour and Human Resource Department, Punjab, 26-Main, Gulberg, Lahore. 
 … Respondents 
 
 WRIT PETITION UNDER ARTICLE 199 OF THE CONSTITUITON OF THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN 1973 
 
 Sr no 
 Description of Documents 
 Annex no 
 Page no 
 1 
 Writ petition with Affidavit 
 
 1 6 
 2 
 Previous Complaints 
 A and A/1 
 17 and 18 
 3 
 News report interview with a debt-burdened brick-kiln worker highlighting their dire working and living conditions 
 
 B, B/ 1 and B/2 
 19 ,20,21 
 4 
 Working paper and relevant statistics 
 C and C/1 
 22 and 23 
 5 
 A picture of a child below 14 years working at the brick-kiln industry 
 D 
 2 4 
 6 
 Notification issued by the Government of Punjab Labor &amp; Human Rights Department 
 E 
 2 5 
 7 
 The relevant excerpt of the study on respiratory diseases 
 F 
 2 6 
 8 
 Vakalat nama 
 
 2 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BEFORE THE HONOURABLE LAHORE HIGH COURT LAHORE 
 
 Writ Petition No. 10234/2017 
 Mr. Asghar Shaheen, S/O Syed Mehdi Hussain R/O 4-Nabha Road, Faisalabad 
 
 …Petitioner 
 Versus 
 Government of Punjab, through Secretary Labour and Human Resource Department, Punjab, 26-Main, Gulberg, Lahore. 
 Director General of Labour Welfare Department Punjab, 62-D New Muslim Town, Wahdat Road, Lahore. 
 Punjab Workers Welfare Board, F/A-1 Kyber Block, Allama Iqbal Town, Lahore 
 Directorate of Social Security I nstitution Punjab, 26-A Main Gulberg, Lahore 
 Chairman Minimum Wage Board, 62-D New Muslim Town, Wahdat Road, Lahore. 
 Inspector General of Police Punjab , GOR 1, Canal Road, Lahore. 
 Bhatta Malkan Association (“Brick-Kiln owners Association”) , Suite No. 8, Niazi House, 168 Multan Rd, S od iwal , Lahore, Punjab 
 … Respondent s 
 
 
 WRIT PETITION UNDER ARTICLE 199 OF THE CONSTITUITON O F THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN 197 3 
 Respectfully Sheweth , 
 That the instant writ petition is being filed on behalf of the Bhatta Mazdoor Union (“Brick -k iln W orkers A ssociation”) through its General Secretary Mr. Asghar Shaheen , i.e. the petitioner. 
 That the petitioner is a concerned citizen of Pakistan and is a vocal activist for the rights of Brick-Kiln Workers since 1990. The petitioner has recently made two written complaints to several government authorities and Bhatta Malkans (“Brick-Kiln owners Association” ) who are also the respondents in the instant petition and apprised them of the ongoing exploitation and discrimination against the Bhatta Mazdoors (“Brick-kiln Workers”). 
 The two complaints are attached herewith as Annexure A and A/1 respectively. 
 That the names and addresses of the parties as given in the title to this petition are sufficient for the proper service of summons and notices that may be issued by this Honourable court from time to time. 
 That the respondents in this case are Government of Punjab and its functionaries, namely, Secretary Labour and Human Resource Department, Punjab, Director General of Welfare Department Punjab, Punjab Workers Welfare Board, Directorate of Social Security institution Punjab, Chairman Minimum Wage Board, Inspector General of Police Punjab and Bhatta Malkan Association (“Brick-Kiln owners Association”). 
 That in the absence of any action after the filing of two complaints the petitioner has resorted to move this honourable court in the exercise of its writ jurisdiction with the purpose to avail efficacious remedy for the problems faced by the Brick-kiln workers. 
 That the petitioner through this instant petition in the public interest wants to highlight the urgent need t o address the widespread exploitation and deplorable working conditions faced by the Bhatta Mazdoors (“Brick-kiln W orkers”) in Punjab, Pakistan. This marginalized workforce, estimated at around 5 million, endures distressing slave - like conditions due to the p revailing system of ‘bonded labour ’ which inter alia violates their constitutionally protected fundamental and basic working rights. 
 That Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1992) defines bonded labour a s a system of forced or partly forced, labour under which a debtor enters into an agreement with the creditor to the effect that: 
 In consideration of an advance ( peshgi ) obtained by them or any family member. 
 In pursuance of any customary or social obligation. 
 For any economic consideration received by them or any family member. 
 The Brick-kiln workers in debt bondage must continue to work until debt is paid off either through working at the Kiln or an alternate creditor. Th is creates an unbreakable cycle of debt and severe bondage is created because of no or nominal wages, increasing and unlawful deductions, and forged entries into the books that the workers do not get to see. Most brick kiln workers are convinced that they and their families will be hurt if they attempt to flee bondage and that runaways will be tracked down. Even when no violence has occurred at their own kilns, workers are aware of incidents at other kilns and, hence, conscious of its threat. Despite the official abolition of the bonded labour system in 1988, as mandated by the Supreme Court in the Darshan Masih case, and subsequent legislation s both on national and provincial levels like the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1992, the system persists. 
 News report i nterview with a debt-burdened brick-kiln worker highlighting the ir dire working and living conditions is attached herewith as Annexure B and B /1 , B /2 respectively. 
 That a survey conducted of brick kilns in Punjab by the Federal Bureau of Statistics (FBS) quoted in a working paper by the ‘ Pakistan Institute of Labour Education &amp; Research’ concluded that indebtedness is common, with nearly 90% taking advances/loans from the kiln-owner because of the absence of alternative credit source. They are also forced to work in adverse living and working conditions with shanty on site accommodations, unhygienic water , sanitation, and imposing restrictions on their mobility. The working paper also notes that 20-60 families on average in Lahore usually live on site which is considerably higher than other provinces. Moreover, The Global Slavery Index in its 2018 report estimated that there were almost 3.1 million people in bonded labour. 
 Working paper and relevant statistics therein are attached herewith as Annexure C and C /1 respectively. 
 That the menace of bonded labour is also closely associated with the issue of Child labour in Brick-kiln industry. Because workers rarely make enough to subsist, much less clear the loan entire families, including children are pressed into work. Hence, children working in kilns do not work directly for an employer. Rather, advances are binding on the entire family and, effectively, pledge the pool of family labour. Almost 70 percent of bonded labourers in Pakistan are children, who make up over one-third of the four million or so people working at brick kilns in Pakistan . Often, they work all day and are denied compulsory education. They undertake carrying water by bucket, loading, and carrying piles of mixed clay and then kneading the clay etc . They continuously lift and carry heavy burdens and squat for long periods. 
 A picture of a child below 14 years working at the brick-kiln industry is attached herewith as Annexure D . 
 That not only the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1992 and the Laws relating to employment of under age children are not followed in its spirit due to lax implementation by the Respondents i.e. Government of Punjab, its relevant ministries and the police but the Respondent i.e. Bhatta Malkan Assoc iation (“Brick-kiln owners Association”) are also in violation of the Punjab Minimum Wages Act, 2019 by not adhering to the minimum wages and piece-rates prescribed by the Punjab Minimum Wages Board . The latest notification in 2023, issued by the Government of Punjab Labor &amp; H uman R ights Department based on the Punjab Minimum Wages Board's recommendation, sets rates at PKR 2,368/- for 1,000 ordinary bricks and PKR 2,797/- for special bricks and tiles for Brick Kiln workers. However, no worker affiliated with the Bhatta Mazdoor Union, working in the Brick-Kilns, receives compensation exceeding PKR 1,100/- for either ordinary or special bricks from their employers. Moreover, survey of brick kilns in Punjab by the Federal Bureau of Statistics noted that virtually no worker receives benefits from government schemes of social protection. 
 Notification issued by the Government of Punjab Labor &amp; Human Rights Department in 2023 is attached herewith as Annexure E . 
 That Brick kiln owners are also in violation of Punjab Social Security laws by fail ing to submit monthly contributions to The Punjab Employees Social Security Institution ("PESSI") which deprives brick kiln workers of e ssential health, education, and welfare benefits . Registration with PESSI and timely monthly contributions from both employers and workers are prerequisites for these benefits. However, in the brick-kiln sector, many workers are unregistered or remain unprotected due to Brick Kiln owners neglecting the submission of mandatory monthly contributions. 
 That Brick kiln workers lack essential workplace safety equipment mandated by the Punjab Occupational Safety and Health Act, 2019, and the Factories Act, 1934 . There are virtually no safeguards for labour in kilns. They wear open wooden sandals to reduce heat and use metal rods in handling fire covers; but otherwise remain wholly unprotected. When removing hot bricks, workers sometimes wear rubber strips on their hands and occasionally cover their mouth with a strip of cloth. Moreover, Stench from the burning waste is noxious and can release lethal pollutants, exposure to emissions from burning fuel and dust is another health and safety issue, made worse for workers living and children on site. A study on respiratory symptoms and illnesses among brick-kiln workers in Sindh showed that a high frequency of respiratory symptoms and illnesses was observed among brick kiln workers. 
 The relevant excerpt of the study conducted is attached herewith as annexure F. 
 That Treatment for injuries at work or illness caused by work is entirely the responsibility of labour. Brick-kiln workers do not receive compensation for workplace injuries and diseases under The Workmen Compensation Act, 1923. Moreover, Brick kiln workers also do not receive any Employees' Old Age Benefits under The Employees' Old Age Benefits Act, 1976. 
 That in light of the submissions, here and above, the petitioner invokes the constitutional jurisdiction of this honourable court under Article 199 of the Constitution of the Islamic republic of Pakistan on the following grounds. 
 GROUNDS 
 A ) The pervasive practice of peshgi in the brick kiln sector, leading to bonded labor and slavery, constitutes a direct violation of constitutional articles. The entrenched system infringes on Article 9, prohibiting deprivation of life and liberty, and Article 11, prohibiting slavery and forced labor . The deplorable working and living conditions defy Article 14, safeguarding human dignity, and contradict Article 38(e), urging the state to ensure just and humane working conditions. Labor under bondage forfeits property rights as they are unable to appropriate or sell their labor's products at market value which violates Article 24 which protects property rights of an individual. Furthermore, bonded labour violates the Forced Labour Convention, 1930 whereby the illegal exaction of forced or compulsory labour  is termed as a penal offence . The existence of bonded labor in the brick kiln sector indicates non-compliance with the Bonded Labor System (Abolition) Act of 1992. Section 4 explicitly abolishes the bonded labo u r system and mandates non-compulsion of any person into bonded or forced labor . The Act also establishes Vigilance Committees to oversee its enforcement, yet the persistent presence of bonded labo u r in the industry reflects a breach of the Act. In addition, more often than not Large debts may be “transferred” to an alternate creditor, usually another kiln-owner willing to buy off their debt in return for labour bondage which is violative of Article 370 of Pakistan penal Code which penalises any person involved in the business of selling or buying of slaves. Similarly, Article 374 penalises anyone who forces an individual to unlawful compulsory labour. 
 The above violations fosters the practice of providing advances/ peshgi , enabling kiln owners to trap workers in perpetual debt due to exorbitant interest rates and manipulated records. The resulting debt compels labour to work in harsh conditions, with nominal or no wages that are akin to slavery. 
 B) That the unfortunate problem of low wages available to the workers in the brick kiln sector reflects the sheer exploitation in the brick kiln industry. This goes against Article 3 of the constitution which says that the State shall ensure the elimination of all forms of the exploitation. The payment of low wages by the Brick kiln owners is also violative of Section 11 of the Punjab Minimum wages, Act 2016 which prohibits employers to pay wages below the minimum wage rates set by the Minimum Wages Board. In addition to this, the difficulty of the Bhatta Mazdoors as a result of these low wages to make their ends meet on daily basis essentially means that the state has failed to protect and promote the social and economic well-being of its citizens as mentioned in Article 38 of the Constitution. The Low wages also perpetuate the cycle of debt bondage and is of utmost importance that prescribed wage rates for brick-kiln industry is carried out in letter and spirit. 
 
 That in addition to this, the Bhatta Mazdoors are also denied old-age benefits available to them under Employees Old-Age Benefits Act, 1976. Section 3 of the Act requires the compulsory insurance of all the employees working in the industry or an establishment with the Employees Old-Age Benefits Institution. Section 11 and 12 of the Act requires every employer to keep records and submit returns to the institution. It is the duty of the officials of the Institution as mentioned in Section 12, to inquire into the matters for the purpose of ascertaining whether any provisions of the Act have been complied with. However, the Institution and its officials have fallen short of their responsibility of ensuring that the workers are insured, and the provisions of the Old-Age Benefits Act are followed. This is especially important as those workers who have spent their whole lives working in kilns to pay off their loans or sustain their families must not experience poverty when they are unable to work in their old age. 
 That the unavailability of safety equipment to the kiln workers constitute a violation of Section 3 of the Punjab Occupational Safety and Health Act, 2019 which mandates that employer must take all possible and reasonably practicable measures to ensure safety and health of the employees at the workplace. No masks or gloves are given to workers by Kiln-owners to combat wood fumes and toxic pollutants in Kilns which violates Section 3 (k) of the aforesaid act which makes it incumbent on the employer to provide adequate protective clothing and protective equipment. Moreover, the Brick-kiln owners are also in violation of Section 16 of the Factories Act 1934 which mandates that “any given off any dust or fume or other impurity of such a nature and to such an extent as is likely to be injurious or offensive to the workers employed therein, effective measures shall be taken to prevent its accumulation in any workroom and its inhalation by workers”. The health hazards associated with brick-kilns is especially concerning for families living on site which may result in additional health issues in their newborn babies. 
 That the non issuance of social security cards by way of an omission of kiln-owners to submit monthly contributions to PESSI violates the various social security protections guaranteed to employers under The Provincial Employees’ Social Security Ordinance, 1965. It includes, sickness benefit, maternity benefit, death grant etc. Kiln-workers by not receiving these benefits are forced to go to creditors to avail loan on arbitrary terms, which invariably leads to the non ending oppressive cycle of debt bondage. Therefore, to get rid of the menace of bonded labour, the social security protections are a must for the brick-kiln workers. 
 That children under the age of 14 working in Brick-kilns is alarming and is violative of Section 13 of the Punjab Prohibition of Child Labour at Brick Kilns Act, 2016 which prohibits “ any occupier or parent/guardian who employs or permits a child (person under the age of 14 years) to work at a brick kiln shall be liable to 6 months imprisonment and a fine of 500,000 rupees”. Similarly, it also violative of Section 11 (a) of the Punjab Restriction on Employment of Children Act, 2016 which prohibits “ an occupier who employs or permits a child (person under the age of 15 years) to work in an establishment . Furthermore, underage children working in deplorable conditions is also violative of the “convention on the Rights of Child, 1990” to which Pakistan is a party. Subjecting children to gruesome menial labor is a reprehensible practice that not only robs them of their childhood but also jeopardizes their physical and mental well-being. It infringes upon their basic rights to education, health, and a nurturing environment essential for their holistic development. 
 That brick-kiln worker also does not receive any compensation for injuries sustained during work which they are liable to get under The Workmen Compensation Act, 1923. This is important because severe injury or extended illness among labourers can have a double negative impact: diminishing resources for basic living and lowering income. Essential expenses for festivals and marriages are constant necessities. Consequently, a household may remain or even sink deeper into debt bondage if alternative income sources and credit opportunities are not accessible. 
 PRAYER 
 The petitioner respectfully and humbly prays that this Honourable Court may kindly issue judgments and orders in the following terms: 
 Declare that the failure of Respondents No. 1 to 6 to take adequate measures, including departmental and disciplinary proceedings, to uphold the objectives of the Punjab Bonded Labour (Abolition) Act, 1992, and the ruling from PLD 1990 SC 513 against private persons and individuals in the service of the state who aid the practice of bonded labor , violates fundamental rights under Articles 9, 11, 14, 15, and 25 of the Constitution, 1973. 
 Immediately direct the provincial government, particularly respondent No. 6, to investigate and seal the operations of all Brick Kilns where employers continue to enforce bonded labor , human trafficking, forced or child labor in deliberate violation of the Punjab Bonded Labour (Abolition) Act 1992, read with Punjab Prohibition of Child Labour at Brick Kilns Act, 2016, and Article 9, 11, 14 of the Constitution, 1973. Consequently, deem all actions of Brick Kiln Owners that constitute offenses under these acts as void ab initio and of no legal effect. 
 Immediately send instructions to Respondent no.7 to further convey the message to all Brick-kiln owners to comply with the prescribed minimum wage set by Respondent no.5 and in case of noncompliance strict police action maybe taken which may include both fines and imprisonment. 
 Instruct Respondents No. 1, 2, and 6 to diligently monitor workplaces to ensure adherence to all contractual and statutory obligations. Take necessary departmental and disciplinary ac