SECOND AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Mr. Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a 'Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This second amendment ("Second Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 16th October,
2021 further novated through Novation Agreement dated 1st May, 2022 and amended through
First Amendment dated 4th September, 2023 (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Lease
Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 28th October, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, half of the ground floor, measuring seventy-five
hundred (7500) sq. ft., of the commercial building named and styled as "Mega Tower",
located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this Second Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1

The Second Amendment shall come into force on 1st January, 2026 ("Effective Date").
Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years commencing from
the Effective Date and ending on 31st December, 2027 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Second Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Second Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this Second Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.
The Second Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Second Amendment, having
fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of
witnesses.
SIGNED

Lessor's Initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

Second Amendment

SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:
CNIC:

/ -f3oi-

-cs

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:

,47L

CNIC:

I'CL

KHAL1P
3335)7