i5
ttg*"H3,fl;:gm
Loan Agreement
This Agreement is entered into on the l5th of October, 2013 (*Effective Date") by and
between:

l. ZameenLtd, a company incorporated in England, with the address: Spirit House, 8
High Street, West Molesey, Surrey, KT8 2NA, United Kingdom, represented by
Imran AliKhan.

(Hereinafter referred to as "The First Party")

2. Zameen Media Pvt Ltd, a company incorporated in Pakistan, practicing under the
operating name Zameen.com with the address: 19A1, 82, Gublerg 3, Pakistan,
Phone (+g2) 42 35750017, represented by Zeeshu, aii Khan.

(Hereinafter referred to as "The Second Party")

(Both parties hereinafter collectively referred to as "Both Parties")
The Second Party has decided to obtain an interest free loan from The First Party.

Now, therefore, Both Parties hereby agree as follows:

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETII AS FOLLOWS:-

a) The Second Party is a subsidiary of The First Party.
b) The Second Party requires approximately PKR 200,000,000 to make payments to
fund its day to day operations

c) The First Party has agreed to provide PKR 200,000,000 on the following terms:

l. The First Party will provide a loan of up to PKR 200,000,000 within a
period of five years from the date of this agreement.

2. The amount will be paid to The Second Party on an "as and when required"
basis to meet the funding requirements of the Second Party.

3. The loan will be provided as an interest-free loan and no mark-up will be
charged on the loan till its repayment.

h*,R3**m
4.

The Second Party will repay the loan to The First Party within five years
from the date of this agreement or as agreed among the directors from time
to time.

5.

The currency of the loan shall be PKR, however, The First Party may
convert the currency of outstanding loan to either USD or GBP by giving a

notice. Conversion exchange rate will be the one prevalent on the date of
the notice.
6.

In case of any dispute, the said dispute will be resolved through arbitration
under the arbitration Laws applicable in England and Wales.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have set their hands to this agreement on the day and
year herein above written.

The First Party Rep: Imran Ali Khan

The Second Party Rep: Zeeshan Ali Khan

Designation: Director

Designation: Director
Itfr L '

Signature: . ki.:. *..,4.,...
Date: ... l.{/.1.9./.?a2.li

Witiess I
Name : I .a. :

r€- 2cr3

.

Witness 2

hyhe n. Nase*r"n
.

Signature: . .\-. .ffi(ad^"--'
Date: .. 15.:.9.9I

:.*9.l}.

nate:...t(f lo.l..rS.