Mall 35 
 (Phase I) 
 Shoring system 
 Construction of RCC P iles, A nchorage and C apping beams 
 AT 
 Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt . 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 Mall 35 , a partnership firm, having its registered office at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its partners (1) Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan and (2) Mr. Hasan Sheikh (hereinafter referred to as the “Employer” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the first part; 
 AND 
 SWIS-TECH a company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at Plot No. A- 336, Ittefaq Town, Bahadur Khan Road, Chour Depot, Peshawar Road, Rawalpindi, Pakistan through its authorized representative Mr. Rais Agha, son of Syed Agha Shelli, holder of CNIC No. 37405-6943880-9 (hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the second part. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mall 35 
 (Phase I) 
 Shoring system 
 Construction of RCC P iles, A nchorage and C apping beams 
 AT 
 Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt . 
 
 THIS CONTRACT is made at Rawalpindi on this 27 th day of December , 2019 by and between : 
 
 Mall 35 , a partnership firm, having its registered office at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its partners (1) Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan and (2) Mr. Hasan Sheikh (hereinafter referred to as the “Employer” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the first part; 
 
 AND 
 
 SWIS-TECH a company duly incorporated and existing under the l aws of Pakistan and having its registered office at Plot No. A- 336, Ittefaq Town, Bahadur Khan Road, Chour Depot, Peshawar Road, Rawalpindi , Pakistan through its authorized representative Mr. Rais Agha , son of Syed Agha Shelli , holder of CNIC No. 37405-6943880-9 (hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the second part. 
 
 (The Employer and Contractor shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties” ). 
 
 
 
 RECITALS 
 Whereas: 
 
 The Employer is engaged in the business of, inter alia , development and construction of land, buildings, malls, apartments ; 
 
 The Employer is desirous of constructing a shopping mall named and styled as “ Mall 35 ” on the Site ( defined below ) owned by the Employer ; 
 
 The Contractor has represented to the Employer that it is engaged in the business of and has substantial experience in, inter alia , designing , piling, excavation, construction and engineering services for major construction and civil works projects, high-rise buildings and planned townships ; 
 
 The Contractor has represented that it has the requisite K now- H ow, skill, knowledge, experience and resources required for commencing and completing the piling work s, anchorage and capping beams and that it shall be able to commence and deliver the same as per the scheduled dates discussed and agreed between the Parties as detailed in Schedule of Works ; and 
 
 The Employer, subject to the terms, conditions and representations of this Contract, and based on the aforesaid express representation of the Contractor, wishes to employ the Contractor to undertake the works for soldier piles, capping beams and anchorage of the Project for the Employer. 
 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Employer and Contractor agree as follows: 
 
 D eFI nitions and Interpretation 
 Deﬁnitions 
 In the Contract (as hereinafter deﬁned) the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them, except where the context otherwise requires: 
 
 " Appendices to Tender " means the appendices comprised in the form of Tender annexed to these Conditions. 
 
 “Bank Guarantee ” means the guarantee(s) to be provided by the Contractor to the Employer as Tender Security, as guarantee against an equivalent amount of Retention Money to be released by the Employer, for a period and in the form set out in Appendix A to Tender. 
 
 " Bidder or Tenderer " means any person or persons, company, corporation, ﬁrm or joint venture submitting a Tender. 
 
 " Bill of Quantities " means the priced and completed bill of quantities forming Part of the Tender. 
 
 " Commencement Date " means the date upon which the Contractor receives the notice to commence issued by the Employer pursuant to Clause 3 2 .1 . 
 
 
 " Contract " means this Contract for construction for RCC piles, anchorage and capping beams along with all documents and appendices listed in Clause 4.2, 
 
 “ Contractor " means SWIS-TECH and its legal successors in title, but not (except with the consent of the Employer) any assignee of such person. 
 
 “Contractor’s Documents ” shall mean and include the calculations, drawings, manuals, models, specifications, supplementary drawings and all other documents of a technical nature supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 
 " Contractor's Equipment” means all appliances , machinery and things of whatsoever nature (other than Temporary Works) required for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, but does not include Plant, materials or other things intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works. 
 
 " Contract Price " means the sum stated in the Bill of Quantities as payable to the Contractor for the execution and completion of the Works subject to such additions thereto or deductions therefrom as may be made and remedying of any defects therein in accordance with the provisions of the Contracts. 
 
 " Cost " means all expenditure properly incurred by the Contractor or to be incurred, whether on or off the Site, including overhead and other charges properly allocable thereto but does not include any allowance for profit. 
 
 " Day (s) " means calendar day (s) . 
 
 “Defects Liability Period” means period for notifying and remedying defects in the Works or sections of the Works as stated in the Contract calculated from the date as described in Clause 4 2 .1 . 
 
 “ Design ” means the design of shoring systems including soldier piles and ground anchors to be submitted by the Contractor to the Employer under this Contract. 
 
 
 “ Drawings " means all drawings, calculations , technical information of alike nature and all drawings, calculations, samples, patterns, models, operation and maintenance manuals and other technical information of a like nature submitted by the Contractor under this Contract and approved by the Employer . 
 
 " Employer " means Mall 35 and its legal successors in title and any assignee. 
 
 " Engineer " means, for the purposes of the Contract, any competent person appointed by the Employer from time to time and notiﬁed to the Contractor to act as the Engineer. 
 
 " Engineer's Representative " means a person appointed from time to time by the Engineer. 
 
 “Good Industry Practice ” means the standards, practices, methods, and procedures conforming to law and that degree of skill, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably be expected from a skilled and experienced contractor engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same circumstances. 
 
 “Know-How” shall mean the know-how, technical knowledge and methods, current and accumulated experiences acquired by the Contractor as a result of practical experiences or otherwise in connection with execution of works similar to the Works, up to the date of the Contract and which are required by the Contractor for the due performance and execution of Works. 
 
 " Letter of Acceptance " means the formal acceptance by the Employer of the Tender of the Contractor . 
 
 “ Materials ” means things of all kinds intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works and/or Temporary Works, including the supply-only materials (if any) to be supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 
 “Milestone ” means any event which may be the start of or, as the case may be, the completion of the w hole of a specified activity . 
 
 “Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the Guarantee to be provided to the Employer by the Contractor against mobilization advance to be given to the Contractor by the Employer in the form and manner acceptable to the Employer . 
 
 
 " Permanent Works " means the permanent works to be executed in accordance with the Contract. 
 
 " Plant” means machinery, apparatus and the like intended to form or forming; part of the Permanent Works for the execution of Works defined in this Agreement. 
 
 
 " Programme " means the programme to be submitted by the Contractor in accordance with Sub—Clause 12 , and any approved revisions thereto. 
 
 “ Retention Money " means the aggregate of all monies retained by the Employer pursuant to Sub-Clause 58.3 
 
 " Section " means a part of the Works speciﬁcally identiﬁed in the Contract as a Section. 
 
 " Site " means the places provided by the Employer where the Works are to be executed at Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt. 
 
 " Speciﬁcation " means the speciﬁcation of the Works included in the Contract and any modiﬁcation thereof or addition thereto or submitted by the Contractor and approved by the Employer . 
 
 “Standards ” means the applicable version of the environmental guidelines and occupational health and safety standards and technical standards of the relevant industry, including but not limited to standards relating to the protection of environment, evaluation of chemicals brought on the Site, occupational health and safety, prevention and investigation of accidents, incident, injuries, or illnesses, conditions for workmen and labour and such standards as are applicable to the Works being carried out by the Contractor at the Site. 
 
 " Taking—Over Certiﬁcate ” means a certiﬁcate issued by the Employer pursuant to Clause 4 1 .1 . 
 
 " Temporary Works " means all temporary works of every kind ( other than Contractor's Equipment ) required in or about the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein. 
 
 " Tender " means the Contractor's priced offer to the Employer for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein in accordance with the provisions of the Contract, as accepted by the Letter of Acceptance. The word” Tender " is synonymous with " Bid " and the words “ Tender Documents " with " Bidding Documents ". 
 
 " Tests on Completion " means the tests specified in the Contract or any other tests which are to be conducted and/or performed by the Contractor before the Works or any Section or part thereof are taken over by the Employer or any other tests which may be required by the Employer to check and verify the successful completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof. 
 
 " Time for Completion ” means the time for completing the execution of and passing the Tests on Completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof as stated in the Contract (or as extended under Clause 3 4.1 calculated from the Commencement Date). 
 
 " Works " mean the Permanent Works and the Temporary Works or either of them as appropriate, as more fully described in Appendix to the Contract . 
 
 “ Writing " means any hand—written, type—written, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission and e-mail . 
 Headings and Marginal Notes 
 The headings and marginal notes in these Conditions shall not be deemed part and thereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation or construction thereof or of the Contract. 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 Words importing persons or parties Shall include ﬁrms and corporations and any organization having legal capacity. 
 
 Singular and Plural 
 
 Words importing the singular only also include the Pl ural and vice versa where the context requires. 
 
 Notices, Consents, Approvals, certiﬁcate or determination 
 
 Wherever in the Contract provision is made for the giving or issue of any notice, consent, approval, certificate or determination by any person, unless otherwise, speciﬁed such notice, consent, approval, shall be in writing and the words " n otify", " c ertify" or " d etermine" Shall be construed accordingly. Any such consent, approval, certificate or determination Shall not construed unreasonably be withheld or delayed. 
 
 Engineer and Engineer's Representative 
 
 En g ineers Duties and Authority 
 
 (a) The Engineer shall carry out the duties speciﬁed in the Contract. 
 (b) If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property ( ies ) , the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of his duties and responsibilities under the Contract , instruct the Contractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. 
 (c) Except as expressly stated in the Contract, the Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of his obligations under the Contract. 
 
 Engineer Representatives 
 
 Engineer's Representative shall be appointed by and be responsible to the Engineer and shall carry out such duties and exercise such authority as may be delegated to him by the Engineer under Sub-Clause 2.3 . 
 
 The Employer shall ensure that the Engineer ‘ s Representative is a professional engineer as deﬁned in the Pakistan Engineering Council Act 1975 (V of 1976). 
 
 
 
 
 Engineer Authority to delegate 
 
 The Engineer may from time to time delegate to the Engineer's Representative any o f the duties and authorities vested in the Engineer and he may at any time revoke such delegation. Any such delegation or revocation shall be in writing and shall not take effect until a copy thereof has been delivered to the Employer and the Contractor. 
 
 Any communication given by the Engineer's Representative to the Contractor in accordance with such delegation shall have the same effect as though it had been given by the Engineer. Provided that: 
 
 any failure of the Engineer ‘s Representative to disapprove any W ork s or M aterials or Plant shall not constitute approval, and shall therefore not prejudice the right and authority of the Engineer to reject or disapprove the Works, Materials or Plant and/or to give instructions for the rectification thereof; 
 
 if the Contractor questions any determination, instruction or communication of the Engineer's Representative, he may refer the matter to the Engineer who shall conﬁrm, reverse or vary the contents of such determination, instruction or communication . 
 
 Appointment of Assistant 
 
 The Engineer or the Engineer's Representative may appoint any number of persons to assist the Engineer ’ s Representative in the carrying out of his duties under Sub - Clause 2. 3 . He shall notify to the Contractor the names, duties and scope of authority of such persons. Such assistants shall have no authority to issue any instructions to the Contractor save in so far as such instructions may be necessary to enable them to carry out their duties and to secure their acceptance of materials, Plant or workmanship as being in accordance with the Contract, and any instructions given by any of them for those purposes shall be deemed to have been given by the Engineer's Representative. 
 
 All restrictions on the Engineer and Engineer’s Representative authorities under the Contract shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any assistants, appointed pursuant to this clause, of the Engineer or Engineer’s Representatives. 
 
 Instructions in Writing 
 
 Instructions given by the Engineer shall be in writing, provided that if for any reason the Engineer considers it necessary to give any such instruction orally, the Contractor shall comply with such instruction. Confirmation in writing of such oral instruction given by the Engineer, whether before or after carrying out of the instruction, shall be deemed to be an instruction within the meaning of this Sub—Clause 2.5 . Provided further that if the Contractor, within seven (0 7 ) days, conﬁrms in writing to the Engineer any oral instruction of the Engineer and such conﬁrmation is not contradicted in writing within seven (0 7 ) days by the Engineer, it s hall be deemed to be an instruction of the Engineer. 
 
 The provisions of this Sub—Clause shall equally apply to instructions given by the Engineer’s Representative and any assistants of the Engineer or the Engineer's Representative appointed pursuant to Sub—Clause 2. 4 . 
 
 Instructions in Writing/Site Order Book 
 
 T he Contractor shall maintain at the Site a “Site Order Book” (of triplicate leaves) for taking instructions and directions of the Engineer or Employer’s representative. 
 
 Engineer to Act Impartial 
 
 Wherever, under the Contract, the Engineer is required to exercise his discretion by: 
 
 giving his decision, opinion or consent, or 
 expressing his satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor , 
 he shall exercise such discretion impartiality within the terms of the Contract and having regard to all the circumstances. Any such decision, opinion, consent, expression of satisfaction, or approval, determination of value or action may be opened up, reviewed or revised as provided in Clause 65 . 
 
 Engineer not Liable 
 
 A ny a pproval, determinations, failure to check, issuance of certificates, consents, examinations, inspections, instructions, notices, proposals, requests, tests (including Tests on Completion) or similar act of the Engineer shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its r esponsibilit ies under the Contract, including responsibility for errors, omissions, discrepancies and non-compliance and l iability for the supply of M aterials, and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Contract . N either the Engineer's authority to act nor any decision made by the Engineer in good faith as provided for under the Contract whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, his representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 
 Replacement of the Engineer 
 
 I f the Employer intend s to replace the Engineer, the Employer shall, not l ess than ten (10) days before the intended date of replacement, give notice to the Contractor, of the name, address and relevant experience of the intended replacement Engineer. Assignment and Subcontracting 
 
 Assignment and Contractor’s employees and vendors 
 
 The Contractor shall not, without the prior consent of the Employer (which consent, notwithstanding the provisions of Sub - Clause 1.5 , shall be at the sole discretion of the Employer), assign the Contract or any part thereof, or any beneﬁt or interest therein or thereunder to any third party . 
 Subcontracting 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole or any part of the Works without the prior written consent of the Employer, provided that the Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc . of such employed or hired contractors . Any hiring or employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall not create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent 