Online Classifieds Pakistan

이지

(SMC-Private] Limited

Registered in Lahore, Pakistan

under number 0105302
Formerly known as

OLX Classifieds Pakistan
[SMC-Private] Limited

Date:

61*

July 2026

Maira Zubair

138-SD, Falcon Complex, Gulberg III
Lahore, City, District Lahore, Pakistan

Subject:

Appointment as Nominee Director of EMPG Classifieds (PK) Holdings Limited
(“EMPG Classifieds") on the Board of Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private)
Limited ("Company")

Dear Sir,

Pursuant to resolution of Board of Directors of the Company passed in the meeting held on
6 July N026. you are hereby notified that the Company has appointed you as the Nominee

Director of EMPG Classifieds on the Board of the Company with effect from

("Appointment").

6 July 2026

Your appointment is subject to the terms and conditions set out in this letter:
1.

You are under no contractual or other restrictions or obligations that would disqualify you from this
and immediately to the

Appointment. You will disclose any status change thereof forthwith
Company.

2.

You shall disclose any matter forthwith and immediately to the Company including all matters,
professional or personal, that may give rise to a conflict of interest on your part with respect to this

Appointment.
3.

You shall ensure that any information disclosed to you under this Appointment is kept strictly
confidential, and shall not at any time, whether during the tenure of your Appointment or thereafter,
for any reason whatsoever, disclose, divulge, make public, impart or make use of any such
confidential information for your own personal use or for any other purpose or to anyone other than
as directed by or with the consent of the Company in writing. Confidential information for the

purpose of this Appointment shall mean your appointment, the contents of this letter, and any
information not known to the public (including, without limitation, any information, content, letter,
advice, email, fax, memorandum, contract, plans, report, presentations, research, analysis,
summary, training materials or any other document, including all drafts thereof, whether in hardcopy or electronic file format or any other way of representing or recording information which
contains or is derived or copied from such information) furnished by the Company in good faith
under the reasonable belief or express instructions that it shall be in fact treated as confidential. In
the event that you breach confidentiality obligations under this Para 3, you shall be liable and shall
indemnify the Company against all damages (direct or consequential) incurred as a result of such

breach.

4

During your Appointment, you shall not, at any time, take any actions for or on behalf of the
Company without the Company's written instructions or approval.

Head Office: 29-Q, Gulberg 2, MM Alam Extension Road, Lahore,Pakistan

0800-10101

help@olx.com.pk

Online Classifieds Pakistan

[SMC-Private] Limited

Registered in Lahore, Pakistan
under number 0105302

Formerty known as

OLX Classifieds Pakistan

[SMC-Private) Limited

During your Appointment, you shall, at all times, exercise reasonable professional skill and care in
performance of your duties, and shall comply with all applicable laws, including any duties

5.

the

implied by law.

6.

You shall be required to discharge your duties and responsibilities efficiently and diligently to the
satisfaction of the Company and shall promote the interests of the Company at all times.

7.

The Company may, at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion and for any reason whatsoever,
revoke your Appointment, without the obligation to provide you with any reasons for such
revocation.

This Appointment shall automatically be revoked without further notice form the Company if your

8.

employment with the Company is terminated for any reason whatsoever.

9.

You confirmed that you have neither been convicted of, nor have you been involved in the
commission of a criminal offence, punishable under the laws of Pakistan. If the above is found or
becomes untrue, your Appointment shall stand revoked with immediate effect.

10. This Appointment is not a right or an entitlement, and shall not entitle you to any additional
remuneration, compensation and/or benefit of any kind whatsoever.

11. In the event any claims, losses, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) arise
against you with respect to any act, deed or thing done by the Company during your tenure as a
Director for the Company, the Company shall be responsible to defend the same, except to the
extent it arises out of or in connection with any act, error or omission on your part.
12. Your appointment is subject to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2017 and any other
applicable laws/rules, Company Policies and the Articles of Association of the Company.

Kindly confirm your acceptance by signing and returning the enclosed copy of this letter.

ate) L

ass

in

Yours sincerely,
For Online Classifieds Pakistan SMG-Private) Limited

.P

12

dsPakistan(SMC

Maryam Haq

Company Secretary

Agree and Accept
I have read and understood the terms of my appointment as Nominee Director of EMPG Classifieds on
the Board of the Company and I hereby confirm my acceptance of the same.

Signature:
Name:
Date:

Maira Zubair

6 Jlly

2026

Head Office: 29-Q, Gulberg 2, MM Alam Extension Road, Lahore,Pakistan

|0800-10101 |

help@olx.com.pk