Ill/ I IIIII 1/ll//lllfIll IIIII/I lfllfllllllllllf /IIlii

_.,
E-STAMP
PB-MlT -542EB7136290B6BF

0711-15086511

Rs 1,200/-

Description
First Party
Second Party

: AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)
: Bodla Developers Pvt Limited Through Muhammad Sohaib Tariq [36302-8110484-5]
: zameen zeta Pvt Limited Through Zeeshan Ali Khan And Others [35201-6487663-3]

Agent
Stamp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: Muhammad Burhan [36302-6357413-1]
: zameen Zeta Pvt Limited Through Zeeshan Ali Khan And others [35201-6487663-3]

Amount in Words

: One Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

: 01-Dec-2021, 02:53:41 PM
: 20219CFCOB28EC67

THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into at
Lahore on this 1st day of December 2021 by and between:

ZAMEEN ZETA (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/1 , Pearl
One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized
representative Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);

AND
SHAA PROJECTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/ 1, Pearl
One, M.M. Alam Ro~d, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized
representative [Mr. Adil Ahmad Kamal) (hereinafter referred to as "Shaa" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);

(Zameen and Shaa shall hereinafter also be referred as "Group A")
AND
BODLA

DEVELOPERS

E-STAMP
WHEREAS:
(A)

CONTINUATION SHEET

Each of Zameen, Shaa and Bodla are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects.
(a) Zameen and Bodla entered into a Memorandum ofUnderstanding dated on January
29,2021 to undertake a mutually beneficial project on the Project Land, measuring
approximately 7.3 kanals located at Rumanza golf club, DHA Multan, Phase I. (the
"Project Land").

(B)

Now in furtherance of said MOU and in order to undertake the Project on the
Project Land, the Parties to this Agreement have agreed that they will undertake,
manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under the laws of Pakistan
and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this Agreement.

(C)

The Parties acknowledge giving the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"MOU" means Memorandum of Understanding executed between Zameen
Venture One (Private Limited) and Bodla Builders (Private) Limited on dated
January 29, 2021.
"Agreement" means this Agreement concluded between the Parties including all
Annexures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Agreement to Sell" means the agreement executed by and between the Joint
Venture and the Landowner for the sale, transfer and conveyance of the Project
Land in favor of the Joint Venture.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale Instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Project the time when the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture for sale to the public.
"Complex" means the mixed-use building consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Project Master Plan approved by DHA and/or other concerned government
authorities.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under Clause 12.3.

•

ol ~tl.
~
construction and development of the Project in accordance with tile Project~TAMP
Plan and the Schedule of Works.
coNTINUATION sHEET
"Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to be executed
between the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.
"Construction Contractor" means the contractor appointed by the Joint Venture
in accordance with the Criteria for Selection to construct and develop the Project,
which shall be a reputable local or international firm(s).
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours
Pakistan time, unless specified herein as starting from a different hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to
Clause 12.
"DHA" means Defence Housing Authority Multan, established under DHA Lahore
Order, 2002.

"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parties.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge, mortgage, charge,
hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
"Fair Market Value" means the value of the Project, Joint Venture or Project
Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Valuer.

"Events of Termination" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1 .
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Pakistan and/or any
ministry, department or political subdivision thereof including but not limited to
local and municipal authorities such as the Multan Development Authority,
Defence Housing Authority or any person exercising executive, legislative,
regulatory or administrative functions on behalf of the foregoing including, without
limitation those persons, offices and/or entities responsible for the regulation,
certification and approval of building and building services design and
construction, roads, traffic, electricity and water transmission and distribution,
telecommunications, wastewater and sewage, and all environmental,
archaeological and historical, tourism and public health matters.
"Initial Construction" means the construction of the site office and excavation of
Project Land.
"Initial Portion of Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Clause 4.1 .5 (a).
"Independent Valuer" shall mean either one consulting firm selected by the
Parties from any one of the Big Four consulting firms namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf
Adil; (ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF
Ferguson & Co, or, in the event that the Parties are unable to agree on such
selection, a panel of three (3) consulting firms to be constituted in the manner
prescribed in Clause 12.
"Initial Contribution" means the funds agreed to be contributed, initially to the
Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in Clause 3 .I.

•
"Joint Venture" means the duly registered partnership established between
Zameen, Bodla and Shaa for the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms
hereof.
"Landowner" means Defence Housing Authority (DHA), Multan.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or given effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 8.1.1
"Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and "Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month according to the Gregorian calendar.
"Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Total Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with Clause 12.8.
"Outstanding Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under
Clause 4.1.5 (b).
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic ofPakistan.
"Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
construction and maintenance of the Complex, its marketing and sales, and all
activities materially incidental thereto.
"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Project, MEP, drainage, sewage and structural
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to Defence Housing Authority (DHA) and Multan Development Authority, with
respect to the Project.
"Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4.2(e).
"Project Commencement Date" means the date of receipt of Project Approvals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means when the Project is fully completed as per the
Project Master Plan and, except as otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.
"Project Land" ·~IIJ.l.)O
Romanza Golf C

•

"Project Land Cost" means the total consideration for the Project Land to be paid
to the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with Clause 4.1.5.
"Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in Clause 4.1.5.
"Project Management Committee" means the committee formed pursuant to
Clause 5 of this Agreement for the overall management of the Project.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and project schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, including
any contracts through which the Units will be agreed to be sold, sold and ultimately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds realized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall include the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sales in Months prior to the Effective Date.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out for the completion of the
Project, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from time to time.
"Senior Officers" means (a) Muhammad Sohaib Tariq for Bodla, (b) an authorized
representative for Zameen and (c) Adil Ahmad Kamal for Shaa. The respective
parties or their senior officers may nominate any individual as and when required
upon written notification to act on their behalf.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Project Completion
or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
"Total Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
Proceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residential and commercial units including shops and
apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required for the completion of the Complex.
1.2

Interpretation
In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:
(a)

A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactments or replacements of any of them;

(e)
(f)

•
(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period oftime is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore/
Multan, Pakistan, that obligation is to be performed on the next business
day;

(1)

reference to 'written' or 'writing' means any hand-written, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission.

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2. 1

The Parties agree and understand that the Project will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. The sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Project Land.

2.2

During the pendency of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or
permit/facilitate the utilization of the Project Land or any part thereof for any
purpose other than the Project.

2.3

The Parties shall formulate a company, body corporate or partnership for the
purpose of undertaking the business activities of the Proj ect and the Joint Venture,
and shall enter into, execute and register such constitutive instrument(s) as required
under the applicable Laws of Pakistan.

2.4

This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the Effective
Date. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the Term or such
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminated in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

2.5

The Parties agree that the complete possession and control of the Project Land will
at all times remain with the Joint Venture for undertaking the Project in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3.1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3.1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall be as
follows:

•

3. 1.2

The Project Land Cost, Initial Construction, Project Approvals Cost and Design
and Architecture Cost shall be contributed by the Parties in the manner in this
Agreement wherein Project Approvals Cost, Design and Architecture and Initial
Construction Cost shall be subject to any adjustment on the basis of actual cost
incurred.

3.2

Profit-Sharing Formula
The Parties agree and understand that that they will share profits and losses in
accordance with the formula set out below:
50%
25%
25%

Bodla
Zameen
Shaa

The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in
accordance with Clause 10 below.
4.

ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND & PROJECT APPROVALS

4.1

Proj ect Land

4.1. 1 For the purposes of undertaking the Project on the Project Land and transfer of the
same to the Joint Venture, Bodla shall, for and on behalf of the Joint Venture initiate
the negotiations with the Landowner, thereafter Bodla, Shaa and Zameen shall
jointly finalize the terms and conditions with the Landowner for sale, transfer and
conveyance of the Project Land in the name of Joint Venture. In thi s regard, the
Joint Venture shall enter into an Agreement to Sell with the Landowner for transfer
and conveyance of the Project Land, along with handing over of vacant possession
to the Joint Venture.
4.1.2

The Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project
Land shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project
Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms
of this Agreement.

4.1.3

Any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the sale and transfer/conveyance of the
Proj ect Land in favor ofthe Joint Venture including stamp duty, registration fee,
transfer of immovable property tax, CVT and all other charges related to issuance
of the allotment letter or Agreement to Sell as per applicable laws shall be a cost of
the Joint Venture and borne equally by Group A and Bodla (the "Project Land
Transfer Cost").

4.1.4

The Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall pay an aggregate
amount of PKR 283,038,611 (Rupees two hundred and eighty-three million
thirty-eight thousand six hundred and eleven rupees only) to the Landowner as
consideration for the Project Land. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by
the Parties, the Project Land Cost shall be paid as follows:
(a) Simultaneously at the time of signing of the Agreement to Sell with the
Landowner pertaining to the Project Land, PKR 14,151,931 (the "Down
Payment") shall be paid by the Joint Venture as down payment for the Project
Land Cost. In this regard, Zameen and Shaa agree, confirm and undertake to
deposit, as a portion of their Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, a
sum of PKR 7,075,965 and Bodla agrees, confirm and undertakes to deposit,
as a portion of its Initial Contribution towards the Project Land Cost, a sum of
PKR 7,075,965. In this regard, the Parties hereby undertake and acknowledge
that each Party's Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, , shall not be
utilized for any other
ther than as a portion of the Project Land Cost.
In the event that t
Sell is not executed by
er with
the Joint Venture t1 Joint V
e shall immediately r
its
Initial Contributi ~ - wards Pr :--... t Land Cost and Cla
2.6 shal ~ ly.
o>~
.i)"
Q.
it

f

~.? * ~

Q_

I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ __

_

~-·/~·-

___

...

.y
~

Allv

•
(b) the remaining portion of the Project Land Cost, that is an amount of PKR
268,886,680 (the "Outstanding Project Land Cost"), shall be paid by the
Joint Venture to the Landowner in the following manner:
(i)

The Outstanding Project Land Cost to be paid by the Joint Venture to
the Landowner, shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner in
seven (7) unequal semiannual installments as per Annexure E (attached
with this agreement) (the "Instalment(s)"), unless otherwise agreed
between the Joint Venture and the Landowner. In this regard, Bodla
shall, for and on behalf of the Joint Venture, ensure and procure that the
Landowner agrees to this Payment Plan Commencement Period in the
Agreement to Sell executed by the Joint Venture with the Landowner.
The Parties agree and understand that each Month the respective
amounts under the Payment Plan Commencement Period shall be
allocated for the payment of the Instalment(s) and shall be paid to the
Landowner out of the Sales Proceeds collected by the Joint Venture, as
and when required under the Payment Plan. The monthly allocation of
land payment to be paid to DHAM is attached as Annexure F.

(ii)

The Parties agree and understand that in the event the Payment Plan
Commencement Period agreed by the Landowner in the Agreement to
Sell commences before the Commercial Launch of the Project when no
Sale Proceeds are available for the payment of Instalment(s), then
Zameen, Shaa and Bodla undertake to deposit, as their Initial
Contribution, 25%, 25% and 50% (respectively) of the amount of due
Instalment(s) in the Master Account for the payment oflnstalment(s) to
the Landowner. This shall be done within sufficient time to enable the
Joint Venture to make payment to the Landowner. The Instalment(s)
paid by each Party under this Clause 4.1.5 (b) (ii) shall be deemed to be
the Initia