IN THE COURT OF LEARNED CIVIL JUDGE -XXIII , PESHAWAR. 
 
 CASE NO. 467/1 OF 2022 
 
 Bilal ud Din 
 Vs 
 D.G Zameen.com &amp; Others 
 
 Decided Ex- Parte on 15-06- 20 23 
 
 APPLICATION FOR AND ON BEHALF OF APPLICANT/ DEFENDANT NO. 1 (“ DIRECTOR/DG ZAMEEN.COM ”) FOR SETTING ASIDE EX-PARTE DECREE/ JUDGMENT DATED 15-06- 20 23 OF THIS HON’BLE COURT WHEREBY THE SUIT OF THE RESPONDENT/PLAINTIFF WAS DECREED EX-PARTE AS PRAYED FOR. 
 
 RESPECTFULLY SHEWETH: 
 
 The Applicant/ Defendant No. 1 most earnestly crave the permission of this Hon’ble Court to submit as under; 
 T hat the titled suit was filed/ instituted on dated 20-12- 20 22 by the Respondent/ Plaintiff against the present Applicant and two other Defendant s . 
 
 That the Plaintiff impleaded Director/ DG Zameen.com as Defendant No.1. At the very outset it is submitted that Zameen.com is not a legal entity rather it is merely a brand name owned and controlled by Zameen Media (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan. Therefore, the Company is filing instant application through Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah, Associate Director who is well conversant with the facts of the case and is duly authorized in this behalf. 
 
 That the titled suit was ex- parte decreed by this this Hon’ble Court on 15-06 - 20 23 in favour of the Plaintiff against the Defendants. 
 
 Tha t summon of the titled suit was not communicated and served to the concerned officials of the Applicants/Defendant s establishment in time due to which the Applicant/ Defendant No. 1 could not put up appear ance before this Hon’ble Court. 
 
 That th e applicant ha s recently become aware of the ex- parte Judgment and Decree dated 15-06-2023, upon receiving a summons from this Honorable Court. The summon was served to the manager of Zameen.com, for the production of relevant records pertaining to the disputed property . 
 
 That upon obtaining the case records, the applicants discovered that this Honorable Court had proceeded ex- parte against them, along with Defendant No. 2, via an order dated 14-01-2023. Subsequently, the Plaintiff/Respondent was directed to submit a witness list and later presented ex- parte evidence on 11-02-2023. 
 
 That this Hon’ble Court after hearing the arguments allowed the suit and passed a decree as prayed for in favour of the Plaintiff. 
 
 That upon further review of the case file, it appears that this Honorable Court has already set aside the ex- parte decree against Defendant No. 2, following their application. Consequently, a summons was issued to the Manager of Zameen.com to record evidence, as part of the ongoing suit proceedings, to which the present applicants are now seeking to intervene . 
 
 That valuable rights of the Applicants are also involved in the matter, therefore the Applicant/ Defendant No. 1 seek from this Hon’ble Court that the Ex- Parte order/ judgment dated 1 5 -06- 20 23 against the Applicant/ Defendant be set aside and the Applicant/ Defendant may kindly be given opportunity to defend their valuable rights protected under the law on the following amongst other grounds: 
 
 Grounds: 
 
 Because non- appearance of the Applicant was neither intentional nor deliberate but was due to the lack of notice. 
 
 Because the Applicant has never been served through all the necessary modes of service in accordance with law, more specifically, the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ CPC ”). This fact is evident from the record of this learned Court. Therefore, the Ex- Parte Order ad Judgment and Decree are liable to be set-aside. There is nothing on record to show that the Applicant had knowledge of the pending proceedings or the respective dates of hearings and consequently was avoiding service. That the record of the case is also silent in terms of any acknowledgement of the receipt of the registered communication or an endorsement by a courier messenger or postal employee that the Applicant refused to take delivery of summons, as envisaged in Order V CPC . In fact, there is no record of any signature of any of Applicant ’s employees acknowledging the delivery of the said notices. Since the notices were never received by the Applicant , hence, it never got duly informed of filing of the titled suit . Therefore, the ex- parte Order is liable to be set-aside/recalled on this score also. 
 
 Because without prejudice to the averments made herein above, it may kindly be noted that the Plaintiff has failed to attach any evidence pertaining to the delivery of the TCS courier sent to the Applicant’s correct /actual address, as mentioned in the contracts/agreements signed by the plaintiff himself, nor any acknowledgment of such courier is available on the record. Therefore, Ex- Parte Judgment and Decree is liable to be set aside on this account also. 
 
 Because only one mode of service was adopted before ex parte proceedings commenced against the Applicant . Under such circumstances, the learned Court could not have satisfied itself or ensured that the Applicant was avoiding service or had knowledge of the pending proceedings without first availing all modes of service that the Court has the authority to use under Order V, CPC. Hence, it is clear that the summon was not properly served on the Applicant , therefore, the Ex- Par te Judgment and Decree is liable to be set-aside/recalled. 
 
 Because this learned Court while initiating ex- parte proceedings and subsequently passing the Ex- Parte Judgment and Decree against the Applicant did not consider the fact that summons/notices were neither witnessed by any person from the locality nor was any affidavit given in support of report therein. Therefore, the Ex- Parte Order, Judgment and Decree had been passed by this learned Court in contravention of mandatory provisions of law, which is not sustainable in the eye of law. 
 
 Because it is a golden principal of law and natural j ustice that no one should be condemned un-heard and that disputes between the parties be decided aiming at substantial justice and not mere technicalities. 
 
 Because the instant application is filed within the prescribed period of limitation. 
 
 Because this Hon’ble Court has got complete power and jurisdiction upon the instant matter. 
 
 Because the Applicant/ Defendant were neither aware of the proceedings pending before this Hon’ble Court nor were they provided any opportunity of being heard. Needless to mention that valuable rights of the Applicant are involved in the matter. 
 
 Because certain material facts need to be brought on record for just and fair conclusion of the case. 
 
 Because the Applicants are entitled to be heard under t he provision of A rticle 10-A of the Constitution. 
 
 Additional grounds if any would be raised with the permission of this Hon’ble Court. 
 
 It is, therefore, most humbly prayed that the Judgment, Order and Decree dated 1 5 -06-2023 along with Order dated 1 4 . 01 .20 23 may kindly be set aside and a proper opportunity may kindly be provided to the Applicants/ defendants to defend themselves . 
 Any other relief deem appropriate in the circumstances but not specifically asked for may also be granted. 
 
 Copy of the Ex- parte Judgment &amp; relevant documents are attached herewith. 
 
 
 APPLICANT/ DEFENDANT NO. 1 
 Zameen Media (Pvt) Ltd 
 
 Through 
 
 TAIMUR NOOR 
 ADVOCATE 
 
 
 IN THE COURT OF LEARNED CIVIL JUDGE, PESHAWAR. 
 
 CASE NO. 467/1 OF 2022 
 
 Bilal ud Din 
 Vs 
 D.G Zameen.com &amp; Others 
 
 AFFIDAVIT 
 
 
 I Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah son of Syed Ghulam Ali Shah, Associate Director of Zameen Media (Pvt) Ltd having office at Pearl One 94-B M M Alam Road Gulberg III, Lahore do hereby affirm that the contents of the above APPLICATION are true and correct to the best of my knowledge , belief and information provided to me and nothing has been concealed from this Hon’ble Court. 
 
 DEPONENT 
 
 IN THE COURT OF LEARNED CIVIL JUDGE, PESHAWAR. 
 
 CASE NO. 467/1 OF 2022 
 
 Bilal ud Din 
 Vs 
 D.G Zameen.com &amp; Others 
 
 INDEX 
 
 
 S R .NO 
 Description of Documents 
 Annexure 
 Page No. 
 
 
 Memo of Application along with Affidavit 
 
 
 1-4 
 
 Copy of Judgment and Decree dated 15-06 .20 23 
 
 A 
 5-9 
 
 Wakalatnama 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Applicant/ Defendant No. 1 
 
 
 Through 
 
 
 Taimur Noor 
 
 Advocate High Court (s)