EY Ford Rhodes
Chartered Accountants
96-B-I, 4th Floor, Pace Mall Building
M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg-II
P.O. Box 104, Lahore-54660

UAN: +9242 111 11 39 37 (EYFR)
Tel: +9242 3577 8402
Fax: +9242 3577 8412
ey.lhr@pk.ey.com
ey.com/pk

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the members of Zameen Media (Private) Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 30
June 2023
Opinion
We have audited the annexed consolidated financial statements of Zameen Media (Private)
Limited and its subsidiary (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 30 June 2023, the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2023 and of its consolidated
financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with the accounting and reporting standards as applicable in Pakistan.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as
applicable in Pakistan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants as adopted
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan (the Code) and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
Directors’ report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information
and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to
read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 1 of 3
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited

Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the accounting and reporting standards as
applicable in Pakistan and the requirements of Companies Act, 2017(XIX of 2017) and for
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
as applicable in Pakistan will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs as applicable in Pakistan, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.



Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.



Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.



Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited

Page 2 of 3

related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the consolidated
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner
that achieves fair presentation.



Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
opinion.

We communicate with the board of directors regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Shaikh
Ahmed Salman.

EY Ford Rhodes
Chartered Accountants
Lahore: 06 November 2024
UDIN: AR202310076Sd6z0Ls1P

Page 3 of 3
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited