CONTRACT FOR 
 MEP DESIGN CONSULTANCY SERVICES 
 
 
 Between 
 
 
 ZUI Investments 
 
 And 
 
 Jers Consultancy (Pvt) Ltd 
 
 
 For 
 
 
 Zameen ACE Mall, Islamabad 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This MEP Design Consultancy Services Contract (hereinafter called the "Contract" ) is made at Lahore on this 09 th day of July, 2020 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 ZUI Investments , a partnership having its registered office at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its authorized representative s (1) Fahad Arif Khawaja s /o Khawaja Arif Mahmood , holder of CNIC No. 35202-2881321-3 and (2) Adil Kamal , holder of CNIC No. 31202-9247547-3 (hereinafter called the " Client " which expression shall wherever the context so requires or include its successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns). 
 
 AND 
 
 Jers Consultancy (Pvt) Ltd., having its office at 24 Civic Center Township, Lahore through its authorized representative Imran Yasin Sheikh s/o Sheikh Muhaamad Yashin holder of CNIC No. 35202-4484331-3 ( hereinafter called the " Consultant " which expression shall wherever the context so requires or include its successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (The Client and the Consultant hereinafter individually referred to as “ Party ” and collectively as “ Parties ”). 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Client is the owner and developer of a real estate project named and styled as “ Zameen Ace Mall” located at Street No. 15A Sector-J Phase II DHA, Islamabad (hereinafter referred to as the Project ); 
 
 The Consultant is engaged in the business of designing of water, plumbing and electricity systems and ha ve represented to the Client that they have the necessary professional skills, experience, qualifications, personnel and technical resources to perform the Services contemplated under this Contract. 
 
 Relying on the warranties and representations given by the Consultant , the Client is desirous of availing and the Consultant has agreed to provide design consultancy services to the Client as more specifically defined in Appendix A of this Contract (hereinafter called the " Services ") on the terms and conditions set forth in this Contract. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , the Parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 Definitions 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms whenever used in this Contract have the following meanings: 
 
 "Applicable Law" means the laws and any other instruments having the force of law in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, as those may be issued and in force from time to time; 
 
 "Contract" means this Contract signed by the Parties, together with all the documents listed in Clause 9.2 ; 
 
 "Contract Price" means the price to be paid by the Client to the Consultant for the performance of the Services, in accordance with Clause 6.1 ; 
 
 "Effective Date" means the date on which this Contract comes into force and effect pursuant to Clause 2.1 ; 
 
 "Government" means the Government of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and/or p rovincial g overnment(s); 
 
 “ MEP ” means Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing; 
 
 "Personnel" means persons hired by the Consultant as employees and assigned to the performance of the Services or any part thereof; 
 
 " Services " means the services to be performed by the Consultant , pursuant to this Contract as more fully described in Appendix A; 
 “ Site ” means the site where the Project is located, more specifically at Street No. 15A Sector-J Phase II DHA, Islamabad; 
 
 " Sub Consultant " means any entity to which the Consultant subcontract s any part of the Services; and 
 
 "Third Party" means any person or entity other than the Client or Consultant . 
 
 1.2 Law Governing the Contract 
 
 This Contract, its meaning and interpretation, and the relation between the Parties shall be governed by the Applicable Law. 
 
 1.3 Language 
 
 This Contract has been executed in the English language which shall be the binding and controlling language for all matters relating to the meaning or interpretation of this Contract. All the reports and communications shall be in the English language. 
 
 1.4 Notices 
 
 Any notice, request, or consent made pursuant to this Contract shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been made when delivered in person to the Party to whom the communication is addressed, or when sent by registered mail, telex, or facsimile to such Party at the registered address of th e Parties specified herein . A Party may change its address for notice hereunder by giving the other Party notice of such change. 
 
 1. 5 Taxes 
 
 All payments made by the Client to the Consultant under this Contract shall be subject to deduction of only withholding income t ax and the C ontract Price is exclusive of any other taxes applicable in accordance with the Applicable Law. 
 
 1. 6 Relation between the Parties 
 
 Nothing contained herein shall be construed as establishing a relation of master and servant or of principal and agent as between the Client and the Consultant . The Consultant , subject to this Contract, have complete charge of Personnel and Subconsultants, if any, performing the Services and shall be fully responsible for the Services performed by them or on their behalf hereunder. 
 
 1.10 Headings 
 
 The headings shall not limit, alter or affect the meaning of this Contract. 
 
 2. COMMENCEMENT, COMPLETION, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION OF CONTRACT 
 
 2.1 Effectiveness of Contract 
 
 This Contract shall come into force and effect on the date of signing of the Contract by both the Parties. 
 
 2. 2 Expiration of Contract 
 
 Unless terminated earlier, this Contract shall expire when, pursuant to the provisions hereof, the Services have been completed by the Consultant as specified in Appendix A of the Contract to the full satisfaction of the Client and the payment of the Contract Price ha s been made by the Client in accordance with this Contract . 
 
 2. 3 Modification 
 
 Modification of the terms and conditions of this Contract, including any modification of the scope of the Services or of the Contract Price, shall only be effective mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 2. 4 Force Majeure 
 
 For the purposes of this Contract, "Force Majeure" means an event which is beyond the reasonable control of a Party and which makes a Party's performance of its obligations under the Contract impossible or so impractical as to be considered impossible under the circumstances, and includes, but is not limited to, war, riots, civil disorder, earthquake, pandemic, fire, explosion, storm, flood or other adverse weather conditions, strikes, lockouts or other industrial actions (except where such strikes, lockouts or other industrial actions are within the power of the Party invoking Force Majeure to prevent), confiscation or any other action by government agencies. 
 
 Force Majeure shall not include ( i ) any event which is caused by the negligence or intentional action of a Party or such Party's Subconsultant or agents or employees, nor (ii) any event which a diligent Party could reasonably have been expected to both (A) take into account at the time of the conclusion of this Contract and (B) avoid or overcome in the carrying out of its obligations hereunder. 
 
 The failure of a Party to fulfill any of its obligations under the Contract shall not be considered to be a breach of, or default under this Contract insofar as such inability arises from an event of Force Majeure, provided that the Party affected by such an event; (a) has taken all reasonable precautions, due care and reasonable alternative measures in order to carry out the terms and conditions of this Contract; and (b) has informed the other Party in writing no later than fifteen (15) days following the occurrence of such an event. 
 
 Any period within which a Party shall, pursuant to this Contract, complete any action or task, shall be extended for a period equal to the time during which such Party was unable to perform such action as a result of Force Majeure. 
 
 During the period of their inability to perform the Services as a result of an event of Force Majeure, the Consultant shall be not be entitled to any payment under the terms of this Contract . 
 
 2. 5 Suspension of Payments by the Client 
 
 The Client may, by written notice of suspension to the Consultant , suspend all payments to the Consultant hereunder if the Consultant fail s to perform any of their obligations under this Contract, including the carrying out of the Services, provided that such notice of suspension ( i ) shall specify the nature of the failure, and (ii) shall request the Consultant to remedy such failure within a period not exceeding fifteen ( 1 5 ) days after receipt by the Consultant of such notice of suspension. 
 
 Termination 
 
 The Client may terminate this Contract, by a written notice of termination to the Consultant : 
 
 Immediately on expiry of the suspension notice given under Clause 2. 5 or any other period subsequently specified by the Client; 
 
 if the Consultant become s insolvent or bankrupt or enter into any agreement with their creditors for relief of debt or take advantage of any law for the benefit of debtors or go into liquidation or receivership whether compulsory or voluntary; 
 
 if the Consultant fail s to comply with any final decision reached as a result of arbitration proceedings pursuant to Clause 8.2 hereof; 
 
 in the event of breach of any representation or warranty made by the Consultant ; or 
 
 if, as the result of Force Majeure, the Consultant is unable to perform a material portion of the Services for a period of not less than thirty (30) days . 
 
 The Client may terminate the Contract at any time by giving the Consultant ten (10) days written notice to terminate the Contract. 
 
 The Consultant may terminate this Contract, by giving not less than thirty (30) days ’ written notice to the Client: 
 
 if the Client fails to pay any monies due to the Consultant pursuant to this Contract , except to the extent of or in relation to a dispute pursuant to Clause 8 or due to a notice under Clause 6.4 ; 
 
 if the Client is in material breach of its obligations pursuant to this Contract and has not remedied the same within forty-five (45) days (or such longer period as the Parties may have subsequently agree to in writing) following the receipt by the Client of the Consultant ' s written notice specifying such breach; 
 
 if the Client fails to comply with any final decision reached as a result of arbitration proceedings pursuant to Clause 8.2 hereof. 
 
 
 Cessation of Services 
 
 Upon termination of the Contract, the Consultant shall take all necessary steps to bring the Services to a close in a prompt and orderly manner and shall make every reasonable effort to keep expenditures (if any) for this purpose to a minimum. With respect to documents prepared by the Consultant , the Consultant shall proceed as provided under C lause 3.6 below. 
 
 
 Payment upon Termination 
 
 Upon termination of this Contract , the Client shall pay to the Consultant only for the Services satisfactorily performed by the Consultant prior to the effective date of termination , subject to any offset, adjustment and/or deduction under this Agreement . The e ffective date of termination for purposes of this Clause 2.8 shall be the date when the prescribed notice period expire s. In the event the Contract is terminated before the advance paid by the Client at the time of signing of this Contract to the Consultant is utilized, the Consultant shall be liable to reimburse the Client any such unutilized amount immediately upon termination of the Contract. 
 
 3. OBLIGATIONS OF THE CONSULTANT 
 
 Standard of Performance 
 
 The Consultant shall perform the Services and carry out its obligations , under this Contract , with all due diligence, efficiently and in accordance with the timelines provided herein and specifically in Appendix A . 
 
 
 The Consultant shall perform the Services in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency( ies ). 
 
 The Consultant shall always act, in respect of any matter relating to this Contract or to the Services, as faithful advisers to the Client, and shall at all times support and safeguard the Client's legitimate interests . 
 
 Law Governing Services 
 
 The Consultant shall perform the Services in accordance with the Applicable Law and shall take all practicable steps to ensure that any Personnel or S ubconsultants (if any) , also comply with the Applicable Law. 
 
 Confidentiality 
 
 The existence and the terms and conditions of this Contract and any information, data, documents, figures, calculations , either in writing or orally, electronically or through paper documentation shared between the Parties or disclosed by the Client in connection with the preparation and/ or performance of this Contract shall be regarded as confidential information by the Consultant . The Consultant shall take all reasonable measures not disclose any such confidential information to any third parties without obtaining the prior written consent of the Client, except where such disclosure is required under the law. 
 
 T he Consultant (including their Personnel) shall take reasonable measures to protect all such confidential information shared under this Contract and shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Client against any losses, claims, damages, fees or charges arising out of any breach by the Consultant of the confidentiality obligations under this Contract. 
 
 This clause shall survive the expiry and termination of this Contract. 
 
 Liability of the Consultant 
 
 
 The Con sultant shall take full responsibility for the adequacy, stability, sufficiency, accuracy and safety of all design s submitted under this Contract and/or the consequence and risks of errors and omissions therein . 
 
 If the Client suffers any direct or indirect losses , risks, costs or damages as a result of faults, errors or omissions in the design (s) submitted by the Consultant under the Contract , the Consultant shall make good such losses or damages . 
 
 The liability of the Consultant with respect to the design(s) submitted and Services performed under this Contract shall be for a period of fi ve (5) years from the expiry of this Contract , provided that the design (s) submitted under the Contract remain intact and no changes , except the ones pre-approved by the Consultant, have been made by Client ’s resident team to the C onsultant’s submitted design (s) . 
 
 The Client might hire, at its own cost and expense, a third-party independent consultant to vet and review all design submitted by the Consultant under th is Contract. In the event any discrepancies, errors and/ or deficiencies are discovered by the third-party independent consultant, the Consultant shall be liable to cure and remedy all such any discrepancies, errors and/ or deficiencies, at its own cost and expense, to the satisfaction of the Client. 
 
 
 All design(s) submitted under this Contract shall be in compliance with the best engineering practices. 
 
 Consultant ' s Actions Requiring Client's Prior Approval 
 
 The Consultant shall obtain the Client's prior approval , in writing before taking any of the following actions: 
 
 appointing such Personnel as are listed in Appendix B for the term of this Contract ; and 
 
 entering into a subcontract for the performance of any part of the Services, it being understood ( i ) that the selection of Sub -C onsultants and the terms and conditions of the subcontract shall have been approved in writing by the Client prior to the execution of the subcontract, and (ii) that the Consultant shall remain fully liable for the performance of the Services by the Subconsultants pursuant to this Contract . 
 
 Documents Prepared by the Consultant to be the Property of the Client 
 
 T he Consultant and its Sub-c onsultants hereby assign to the Client all rights , including, without limitation, c opyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and any other intellectual property rights whatsoever associated with a ll plans, drawings, specifications, reports, and other documents and software prepared and submitted by the Consultant under this Contract . The Consultant shall, immediately upon termination or expiration of this Contract, deliver (if not already delivered) all such documents and software to the Client, together with a detailed inventory thereof. Upon termination or expiration of the Contract, the Consultant and its Sub- Consultants , shall destroy or return to the Client (as directed by the Client) all such documents, data or information prepared and submitted by the Consultant under this Contract, save to the extent that it is required to retain by the Applicable Law or government authority( ies ). 
 
 Accounting, Inspection and Auditing 
 
 The Consultant ( i ) s hall keep accurate and systematic accounts and records in respect of the Services hereunder, in accordance with and in such form and manner as internationally accepted accounting standards and principles ; and (ii) shall permit the Client or its designated representatives periodically, and up to six (6) from the expiration or termination of this Contract, to inspect the same and make copies thereof as well . 
 
 CONSULTANT ' S PERSONNEL AND SUB CONSULTANTS 
 
 The Consultant shall not subcontract the whole or any part of the Works without the prior written consent of the Client , provided that the Consultant shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc. of such sub- consultants . Any hiring or employment of Sub- Consultants by the Consultant for the performance of Services shall not create any legal relationship between the Client and such independent employees or Sub- Consultants of the Consultant. The Client shall be entitled to withhold its consent as to hiring or employment of any such Sub- consultant(s) and the Consultant shall not employ or hire services of such independent Sub- consultants , with regard to whom consent was not given by the Client. 
 
 The Consultant may employ or hire such qualified and experienced Personnel as are required to carry out the Services , subject to such prior approvals as may be required under this Contract . 
 
 The Consultant shall not, without the prior consent of the Client (which consent shall be at the sole discretion of the Client ), assign the Contract or any part thereof, or any beneﬁt or interest therein or thereunder to any third party. 
 
 Description , Qualifications and Approval of Personnel 
 
 The designation , job description , responsibilities and estimated period of engagement in the carrying out of the Services of each of the Consultant ' s Personnel are described in Appendix B . 
 
 The Personnel and Subconsultants listed by designation as well as by name in Appendix B are deemed to be approved by the Client. In respect of other Personnel which the Consultant propose to use in carrying out of the Services, the Consultant shall submit to the Client for review and approval a copy of their biographical data . If the Client does not object to the engagement of the Personnel in writing within fourteen (14) calendar days from the date of receipt of such biographical data, such Personnel shall be deemed to have been approved by the Client. 
 
 Removal and/or Replacement of Personnel 
 
 Except as the Client may otherwise agree, no changes shall be made in the Personnel approved by the Client in Appendix B . If, for any reason beyond the reasonable control of the Consultant , it becomes necessary to replace any of the Personnel, the Consultant sh