FIRST AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Nayyer Hussain Chaudhary ("Lessor") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a 'Party' and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ("First Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated l December 2020
further novated through Novation Agreement dated 25th March 2022 (collectively referred to as
the 'Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 20th October 2023.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring twelve thousand three
hundred and sixty (12360) sq.ft. located at Mian Chowk, Madr-e-Millat Road, Green Town,
Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 1st December, 2023 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
further extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of three (3) years, commencing
from the Effective Date and ending on 30th November, 2026 ("Term").

3.

The First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

Lessor's Initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment
5.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

6.

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.

SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Nayyer Hussain Chaudhary
CNIC No. 34201-7784443-1

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Designation: Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:

,4 ,v' /Y7,4-I-(

CNIC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:
CNIC:

'

K41t
_?& 3332 -7