SECOND AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Dubizzle Labs (SMC-Private) Limited (formerly known as
EMPG Labs (SMC-Private) Limited) ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This Second amendment ("Second Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 16th October,
2021 ("Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this ____ August, 2023.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring five thousand (5000) sq. ft,
on 31d floor of the building named and styled as 'Mega Tower", located at 63-B, Main
Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this Second Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Second Amendment shall come into force on 161h February, 2024 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years, commencing from
the Effective Date and ending on 16thj February, 2026 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Parties agree that the monthly rent is Rs. 411,775 (Rupees Four Hundred Eleven
Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-Five) per month exclusive of all taxes ("Monthly
Rent"). For the avoidance of doubt, the annual increment (7.7%) on Monthly Rent will be
applicable with effect from 16th April 2024.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Second Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

5.

This Second Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this Second Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7.

This Second Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

Page lof 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Second Amendment, having
fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of
witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Sr. Director Admin & Procurement

For and on behalf of Lessor
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

WITNESSES

Name:
CNIC:

S2°2

7 (7

Page 2of2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

NameA(
CNIC:

3

/