SECOND AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Mr. Khalil Ahmad through its attorney Mr. Tayyab Azam (Lessor") and Zameen Media
(Private) Limited ('Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This second amendment ("Second Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 4th June 2021
further amended through First Amendment dated 17th May 2023 (hereinafter collectively referred
May, 2024.
to as the "Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and the
Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, entire second floor of the Building namely "Arwa
Heights" located at Plot No. 19, Commercial Sector E, Nishtar Block, Bahria Town, Lahore
("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Agreement as per the terms
and conditions of this Second Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Second Amendment shall come into force on 16th June, 2024 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to further
extend the term of the Agreement for a period of one (1) year and sixteen (16) days,
commencing from the Effective Date and ending on 30th June, 2024 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Parties agree that, with effect from 1 July 2024, the Monthly Rent of the Demised
Premises will be increased by ten percent (10%). Accordingly, the rent payable by the
Lessee to the Lessor from 1 July 2024 shall be Rs. 108,900 (Rupees One Hundred Eight
Thousand Nine Hundred) per month inclusive of all applicable taxes and parking charges
("Monthly Rent").

4.

This Second Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement.

5.

All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Second Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning
in this Second Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7.

This Second Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

Page lof 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

Second Amendment
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Second Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Mr. Tayyab Azam
CNIC: 35202-3716377-7

Fo en behalf of Lessee
Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
Designation: Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:

,4sad9it&

CNIC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:
CNIC:

K11, -L1D
)Lf6c'2..- 1i333,2 -1