IIII1% I1 I I 11111 lI1lU1 IlUllil I I

90 49 17

LEASE AGREEMENT

This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered at Lahore on 13111 February 2020
by and between:

MR. JAWED IQBAL son of Qutab ud din Paracha, resident of House No. 253,
Block Z, Phase III, DHA Lahore, bearing CNIC No. 42201-7634394-9 (hereinafter
referred to as the "Lessor" which term shall, wherever the context so permits or
requires, means and includes his successors-in-interest, legal heirs and assigns)

AND

ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III,
Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter
referred to as the "Lessee" which term shall, wherever the context so requires or
permits, means and includes its successors-in-interest and assigns).
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]

Lessor's initials:

Lessee's initials.

Pagelofil

I

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
1

1 ' fe

øtaIr) Pub 110

Lease Agreement
2003002 .00/CTL-LA

WHEREAS
a)

b)

c)

d)

The Lessor is the sole and absolute owner of the entire 4th floor measuring an area of 2600
sq.ft ("Premises) of a multi-storied commercial building situated at Main Susan Road
Faisalabad, Pakistan (the "Building");
The Lessor is also the sole and absolute owner of the entire 15t floor and 2nd floor of the
Building, which the Lessor has given, and the Lessee has taken, on rent vide Lease
Agreement dated 1St October 2018 and 15t January 2019 respectively, as per the terms and
conditions therein;
The Lessor has agreed to grant the lease to the Lessee and the Lessee has agreed to take
on lease from the Lessor, the demised Premises for the Term (defined below) on the terms
and conditions stated herein;
The Lessee has agreed to take on lease the demised Premises to use as Office on terms
and conditions stated herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS:
1. TERMS OF LEASE
1.1. The Lessor hereby agrees to lease the demised Premises to the Lessee for a period of

one (1) year (the "Term"). The Term shall start from 16th February 2020 (the
"Commencement Date"). The floor plan of the Premises is attached herewith as
Annexure-A.
1.2. The Lessor shall provide parking space to the Lessee without any additional charge or
fee.
1.3. The parties agrees that the Term may be extended for any further period by mutual
consent of both Parties, on such terms and condition as the Parties agree in writing prior
to the expiry of this Agreement.
2. RENT AND SECURITY DEPOSIT
2.1. The Lessee shall carry out the renovation of the Demised Premises from the time of
handover of possession of the Demised Premises till 15th February 2020 (the
"Renovation Period"). For the avoidance of doubt, the Landlord confirms that no rent or
any other charges shall be payable by or applicable on the Tenant during the Renovation
Period.
2.2. In consideration of the covenants made by the Lessor and the grant of the lease of the
demised Premises hereunder, the Lessee agrees to pay to the Lessor rent in amount of
Rupees ninety-five thousand (Rs. 95,000) per month exclusive of withholding taxes
("Rent").
2.3. The Rent shall remain fixed for the entire duration of the Term and will be increased by
10% (ten percent) annually from next year in the event that this Agreement is extended
as per Clause 1.3.

Lessor's initials:

Pge2.of-t1
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials.

ZA\c

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .00/CTL- LA
2.4. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Rent shall be paid in advance for
12 months by the Lessee from the Commencement Date through cheque No.
as advance rent ("Advance Rent"). The
dated
receipt of the Advance Rent is hereby duly acknowledged by the Lessor, and is attached
hereto in Annexure B.
2.5. The Lessee shall pay the Rent through crossed cheque in the name of Jawed lqbal.
2.6. The Lessee has, at the time of execution of this Agreement, deposited with the Lessor
an amount equal to 03 (three) month's Rent, amounting to Rupees two hundred and
eighty-five thousand (Rs. 285,000) through cheque bearing No.
dated
,as a security deposit ("Security Deposit") which shall be refunded to
the Lessee as provided in Article 4 of this Agreement. The Security Deposit shall not be
adjusted against monthly Rent. The receipt of the Security Deposit is hereby
acknowledged by the Lessor and is attached herewith in Annexure C.
2.7. The Lessee shall be entitled, empowered and authorized by the Lessor to
deduct/withhold all the taxes from Rent as required by the applicable laws, for which paid
up challans shall be delivered by the Lessee to the Lessor.
2.8. In the event of termination of this Agreement, the Lessor shall, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, refund to the Lessee any and all of the amount of the
Advance Rent, received in advance by the Lessor, against an unutilized period of rent (if
any).

3. SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.1. The Lessor hereby covenants that grant of the lease is in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations.
3.2. The Lessor undertakes and hereby authorizes the Lessee to make any improvements,
renovations in the demised Premises during the Term.
3.3. Subject to clause 2.7, the Lessee shall be liable to pay Rent, utility bills and other related
charges during the Term, whereas property tax and other related tax/charges in respect
of the demised Premises shall be the sole responsibility of the Lessor. The Lessor shall
promptly and punctually pay to the Faisalabad Development Authority or any other
authority(ies), department(s) all existing and future property taxes of the demised
Premises.
3.4. The Lessor hereby covenant that the demised Premises is commercialized and can be
used for commercial purposes and not for residential purposes. Any dues payable in
respect of commercialization of the demised Premises shall be the sole
obligation/responsibility of the Lessor.
3.5. During the Term external repairs in respect of the Demised Premises, including the
repairs pertaining to common areas, stairs, etc. (the "Common Area"), shall be the
respgjsibility of he Lessor and the said repairs shall be carried out, as far as possible,
Lessor's initials:

Page 3 of 11
THIS-DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials.

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .00/CTL-LA
in such manner as not to obstruct the business of the Lessee. Further, the Lessor shall
repair and maintain the structure and external sides of the Premises, including inter a/ia
cleaning and maintaining windows on the outward side of the Premises. All repairs and
maintenance to be conducted by the Lessor shall not be carried out during business
hours (9am-7pm) and shall be carried out by the mutual consent of the Parties in such a
manner as not to obstruct the business of the Lessee.
3.6. Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee has access to one fully operational elevator at all
times during the Term of this Agreement.
3.7. The Lessee will give prompt notice to the Lessor of any defect in the Common Area or
the Demised Premises whenever the same comes to the notice of the Lessee.
3.8. The Lessor undertakes that the Demised Premises shall be free from all sort of defects
and shall have access to all basic facilities and utilities during the Term.
3.9. The lessor hereby authorizes the Lessee to carry out any required internal alteration and
modification including inter a/ia construction of washroom, and excluding any structural
changes, in the demised Premises as may be necessary to suit its business
requirements. However, the Lessee shall ensure that no structural damage is thereby
done to the Demised Premises and the Lessee shall be responsible to make good any
damage caused by it during the course of such internal alterations and shall indemnify
the Lessor for any loss incurred from such damage. Lessor shall bear all costs for the
construction and finishing of a fully operational washrooms.
3.10. The Lessee shall have the right to install/display any sign(s), advertisements, boards,
flex(es), etc., of any size, inside and outside the Demised Premises, including the
Common Area within occupied rented area. Furthermore, the Lessee shall also be
entitled to install any poster on the windows of the Demised Premises. And all changes
and govt. taxes of signage will be borne by lessee and after the vacant the all sign board
remove from the windows and outside and all cost bear by Lessee. Lessor shall ensure
that no other hoarding, banner, flag or any other obstruction is permitted on the Premises
during the Term of this Agreement.
3.11. The Lessee shall not during the Term sub-let, assign or in any other manner part with
possession of the demised Premises, or any part thereof to any other person without the
prior written consent of the Lessor. However, the Lessee shall have the absolute right to
transfer, sublet, assign the lease of demised Premises to any of its group companies and
undertakings.
3.12. The Lessee will not use the Demised Premises for resident purpose.
3.13. The Lessee agrees to pay for any telephone connections installed in the demised
Premises during the Term. The Lessor agrees to sign any consent(s) or document(s)
required for any telephone connection(s) required by the Lessee in the demised
Premises.
3.14. The lessee or its employee(s) shall not engage in any political activity inside the Demised
Premises.
Lessor's initials:

PagdQf11—
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials.

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .00/CTL-LA

4th floor of
3.15. In the event that any damage, except the wear and tear, is caused to the
Standers Charted Plaza by the actions of the Lessee, the Lessor shall undertake such
repairs at its own cost and risk and the Lessee shall make payment of any cost and
expenses incurred by the Lessor in respect of such repairs, according to the terms of this
agreement.
3.16. The Lessor shall take reasonable steps to keep the Common Area in repair and fit for
use by the Lessee.
3.17. The Lessor shall return or not charge the Lessee any Rent payable in respect of any
period during which the demised Premises may have been rendered uninhabitable due
to the fault of the Lessor or any supervening events.
3.18. The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee enjoys quiet and peaceful vacant possession of
the demised Premises during the Term without any hindrance or disturbance of any sort
by the Lessor or any person claiming under or in trust for him.
3.19. Lessee shall not be liable to remove, at the time of expiry or termination of this
Agreement, any fixtures, fittings or reverse any alterations as made by the Lessee.
3.20. The Lessee shall be responsible to pay all utilities charges as per use and billing during
the Term, with electricity charges payable for usage beyond the meter reading on the
Effective Date as noted below:

Meter No.:
Units consumed:
Date:

4. TERMINATION OF TENANCY
4.1. The Parties agree that this lease shall stand terminated, unless the Agreement is
extended with mutual consent, without any notice on the expiry of the Term upon which
the Lessee shall vacate the Demised Premises forthwith.
4.2. Either Parties may terminate this lease in the event if the other party is in material breach
of the terms of this Agreement by giving at least a 30 (thirty) days written notice ("Notice
Period") to the Party in breach demanding from it the cure of such material breach within
the said period of 30 (thirty) days (which notice shall specify details constituting such
breach). If the breach is not remedied by the breaching Party within the Notice Period,
this Agreement shall stand terminated.
4.3. The Lessee shall also have the right to terminate the lease prior to its expiry after giving
two (2) months' written notice to the Lessor.
4.4. On termination or expiry of this Agreement, the Lessee shall handover peaceful vacant
posseséiot Premises to the Lessor or his duly authorized representative in a clean,
Lessor's initials:

Lessee's initials.
(

:Page 5

1i-

iiTDOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .O0/CTL-LA
tidy and tenantable condition, subject to refund of Security Deposit. Any deduction from
Security Deposit shall be strictly limited and exclusively in relation to outstanding utility
bills, outstanding Rent and damage to the Premises (other than regular wear and tear)
during the Term
5. NOTICES
5.1. Until otherwise notified by either Party to the other, all notices required to be given
pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to the registered addresses of the Parties given
hereunder:

LESSOR:
Attn.: Jawed Iqbal
House# 253, Street #. 34 Z-Block Phase Ill, DHA Lahore.
Telephone: 0300-8262908
LESSEE:
Attn.: Legal Department
94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore
Telephone: 04232560445
E-mail: leqalzameen.com

In case of any change in the above-mentioned addresses, both the Parties shall notify
each other in writing.
6. MISCELLANEOUSE PROVISIONS:
6.1. The annexures attached with this Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement.
6.2. If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared by any court to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement or the application of such term or
provision to persons other than those against whom or the circumstances under which it
is held to be invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected.
6.3. The Lessee shall not indulge in any act, which may cause annoyance or nuisance to
other inhabitants of building.
6.4. The Lessee shall also make sure that the Demised Premises are secure and his activities
do not cause any damage to the Building.
6.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lessee warrants that it shall not use the Premises for
the purpose other than what it has originally agreed to, nor of storing, manufacturing, or
selling any explosives, flammables or other inherently dangerous substances, chemicals,
things or devices, objectionable or prejudicial to the interest of neighbors. In the event of
contravention of the clause, the Lessor shall seek vacant possession of the Premises.

Lessor's initials:

age 6 of
TH

DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials.

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .00/CTL- LA

6.6. While the Lessee shall enjoy the right of peaceful enjoyment it shall allow the Lessor or
his authorized Agent to enter the demised Premises to inspect the same in order to
ascertain its condition at reasonable times and without interrupting the Lessee's
business. Such inspection shall not be carried out without informing or obtaining consent
from the Lessee by giving at least 48 (forty eight) hours prior notice.
6.7. The Parties undertake to act in good faith to ensure completion of the conditions provided
herein and to comply with the terms of the Agreement.
6.8. The Lessor shall indemnify and hold the Lessee, its directors, officers, employees and
agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, proceedings, costs,
expenses, and/or damages instituted against or suffered by the Lessee, its directors,
officers, employees and agents, on account of third party claims arising out of any breach
of any covenant, representation and/or warranty stipulated under this Agreement and
misstatement/concealment of facts and/or any defect in the title or use of the Premises
and/or for any acts or omissions by the Lessor. The Lessor shall remain responsible for
interruptions in the smooth business operations of the Lessee, caused due to the
subsequently discovered liability(ies) of the Lessor with respect to the Premises.
6.9. This Agreement and Annexure A hereto constitutes the entire agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and shall
supersede and replace all prior discussion, agreements and representations, whether
oral or written and whether or not executed by the Parties and the terms of this Agreement
shall prevail.
6.10. In addition to the express provisions of this Agreement, all the provisions contained in the
Punjab Rented Premises Act 2009, shall be applicable herein.

6.11. The Parties agree that they have read the Agreement in its entirety prior to executing it,
and are not relying on any representation or promise except for those set forth in his
Agreement in voluntarily deciding to execute the Agreement.
6.12. In case of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the matter shall
be settled amicably by mutual consent of the Parties. In case the dispute remains
unresolved after 15 (fifteen) days of notice to resolve by either Party, it shall be settled
by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940, or any amendments or reenactments thereof. In this event, the arbitration shall be conducted by 3 (three)
arbitrators: one appointed by each Party, and a third appointed by the first two arbitrators.
The place of arbitration shall be Lahore, Pakistan, and the award shall be filed in the court
of competent jurisdiction in Lahore. Each Party shall bear its cost of arbitration unless
otherwise specified by the arbitrator. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in
the English language.
6.13. All matters pertaining to this Agreement (including its interpretation, application, validity,
performance and breach) shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of Pakistan. The courts at Lahore, Pakistan, shall have exclusive
jurisdiction in respect of disputes arising hereunder.

/ Lessor's initials:

Lessee's initials.

//

Page7o

/

DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lease Agreement
2003_002 .00/CTL-LA

6.14. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is the original and which
together have the same effect as if each Party had signed the same document.
6.15. The Parties agree that the payment of stamp duty and other charges in respect of
registration of this Agreement under the Registration Act 1908 shall be the sole
responsibility of the Lessee. Furthermore, the Lessee shall be responsible for the
registration of this Agreement under Punjab Premises Act 2009. The Lessee undertakes
to provide all such cooperation as may be necessary in this regard.
IN WITNESSS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day, month
and year rnnti. e. -'ove.
SIGNED BY:

For and on behalf of LESSOR

For and on behalf of LESSEE

Mr. Jawed lqbal
CNIC: 42201-7634394-9

Mr. Zeeshan AU Khan
CEO, Zameen Media (Pvt.) Ltd.

WITNESSED BY:

For and on be
Name:
CNIC:
Date:

For and on behalf of Lessee

uMAc'/ [4vVE
Rci2. c7n

Lessor's initials:
ge1
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name: 1h)EL (-19/4(/f)
CNIC: 31,6oq2 -7
Date:
c. 223

Lessee's initials.