I
THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE, 1984

--:o:-(PRTVATE COMPANY LTMTTED BY SHARES)

--:o:-ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

of

ZAMEEN MED|A (PRTVATE) LrMrrED
PRELIMINARY

1. Subject as hereinafter provided, the Regulations contained in
Table 'A' of the First Schedule to the Companies Ordinance, 1984,
(hereinafter referred to as Table 'A') shall apply to the Company so far as
those are applicable to Private Gompanies, with the exception of the
Regulations which are modified, altered or added hereunder.

ZAMEEN MEDTA PRIVATE LIMITED GOMPANY

2. The Company is a Private Gompany within the meaning of Clause
(28) of Section 2(11 ol the Companies Ordinance, 1984 and accordingly:-

, (a) No invitation shall be issued to the public to subscribe for any
shares, debentures or debenture-stocks of the Company.

(b) The number of members of the Company (exclusive of
persons in the employment of the Con'tpany) shall be limited
provided that for the purpose of this provision
to fifty
when two or more persons hold one or more shares in the
Gompany jointly fhey shall for the purposes of this clause be
treated as a single member ; and

(c) The right to transfer shares in the Gompany is restricted in
the manner and to the extent hereinafter appearing.

BUSINESS

i

,

3. The Company is entitled to commence business from the date of
its incorporation.
,:

-.r..
'r.!,:_i,;"i

., , ; 4.' The husiness of the Company shall include all or any of the
objects enumerated in the Memorandum of Association-

CAPITAL

6. The Authorised Capital of the Company is Rs. 20,000,000/'

(Rupees Twenty Million only) divided into 200,000 ordinary shares of
Rs. 100/- (Rupees One Hundred only) each with powers to increase,
consolidate, sub-divide or otherwise re-organize the share capital of the
Company.

7. The shares shal! be under the contro! of the Board of Directors
who may allot or otherwise dispose of the same to such persons, firms,
corporation or corporations on such terms and conditions and at any such
time as may be thought fit.
8. The shares in the capital of the Company may be allotted or

issued in payment of any property, land, machinery or goods supplied or
any services rendered to the Company or promotion or formation of the
Gompany or conduct of its business and any shares so allotted may be
issued as fully paid shares.
SHARES, TRANSFER AND TRANSMISSION

9. Every person whose name is entered as a member in the Register
of Members shall without payment, be entitled to a certificate under the
Common Seal of the Company\ specifying the shares held by several
persons. The Gompany shall not be bound to issue more than one
certificate and delivery of a share certificate to any one of several joint
holders shal! be sufficient delivery to all.
10. The Directors may decline to register any transfer of share to
transferee of whom they do not approve and shall be bound to show any
reasons for exercising their discretion subject to the provisions of Sections
77 and 78 of the Companies Ordinance, 1984.

11. No share can be mortgaged, pledged, sold, hypothecated,
transferred or disposed off by any member to a non-member without the
previous sanction of the Board of Directors.

{2. The legal heirs, executors or administrators of a deceased holder
shall be the only persons to be recognised by the Directors as having title
to the'shares. ln case, of shares registered in the name of two or more
holders the survivors and the executors of the deceased shall be the only
persons.to be recognised by the Company as having any title to the shares.

tA":,ii::il*'
,f,t..t'11.':l' , ." 'i

t1..,- i;

;'j lli
,*, 1*.

GENERAL MEETING

''*',,,.,"t

'

,i
'.:'.,.t

"

"' ,*i:*;..r,+r]-r-'

13. The FirstAnnual General Meeting shall be held within 18 months
from the date of incorporation of the Company in accordance'with the
provisions of Section 158 and thereafter once at least in every year and
within a period of four months following the close of its financial year and
not more than fifteen months after the holding of its last preceding Annual
General Meeting as may be determined by Directors. The Directors may,
whenever they think fit, call an Extraordinary General Meeting of the
shareholders in terms of Section 159 of the Companies Ordinance, 1984.
PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETING

14. Twenty one days' notice atleast specifying the place, day and
hour of the General Meeting and in case of special business the general
nature of such business, shall be given to the members in the manner
provided in Table "A" but accidental omission to give such notice to or
non-receipt of such notice by the member shal! not invalidate the
proceedings of the General Meeting.
15. The Chief Executive, with the consent of a meeting at which
quorurn is present and shall if so directed by the meeting may adjourn the
meeting frorn time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be
transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the brisiness left
unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.
QUORUM

16. No business Bhall be transacted at any General Meeting unless a
Quorum of members is present at the time when'the" meeting proceeds to
business. Two members, present in person, representing not less than
25% of the total voting power either on their own account or as proxies,
shallform a Quorum for a General Meeting.
VOTES OF MEMBERS

17. Alany Genera! Meeting a resolution put to the vote of the General
Meeting shall be decided on a show of hands, unless a poll is demanded in
accordance with the provisions of Section 167 of the Companies
Ordinance,1984,

.18, On a show of hands every member present:shall have one vote

and on.a poll; every member present in person or by proxy shall have one
vote in respect of each share held by him.
,.

19. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or
other authority under which it is signed or notarially certified copy of that

-

--'-::::'::::i*'A^-

;t':
-rti-'ni.',,',',
J"'-''-''-

r;

^

r-

L

,''"1''''':1

4

{,j, i-

power of attorney or authority shall be deposited at the Registered Or;fficAtoj ,
the Company not less than forty eight hours before the time for holdin$*the' .
meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes to votdatd, ,,

indefault,theinstrumentofproxywillnotbetreatedasvalid.
CHAIRMAN

20. The Directors may from time to time appoint one of their members
to be the Chairrnan of the Company for a period not exceeding three years
on such terms and conditions as they deem fit. The Chairman shall preside
over the rneetings of the Board of Directors and members of the Company.
ln his absence, the Directors may elect one of them to preside over Board's
/ Genera! Meetings. The questions arising at the meeting of the Directors
shall be decided by a majority of votes. ln the case of equality of votes, the
Chairman or the Director presiding over the meeting, as the case may be,
shall have a casting vote.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
21. The first Chief Executive of the Company will be appointed by the
Board of Directors within fifteen days from the date of incorporation of the
Gompany who shal! hold office till the first Annual General Meeting.
DIRECTORS

22. Unless otherwise determined, the number of Directors shall not
be less than two. The following will be the first Directors of the Company.

1. IMRAN ALI KHAN
2. ZEESHAN ALI KHAN
23; T-lre electiron of the'Directors shall be held in accordance with'the""-' 'provisions of Section 178 of the Gompanies Ordinance, 1984.
24. The first Directors including the Chief Executive, shall hold office
upto the First Annual General Meeting in accordance with the provisions of
the Cornpanies Ordinance, 1984, unless any one of them resigns earlier or
becorhes disqualified for being Director or otherwise ceases to hold office.
25. A resolution for removing a Director shall not be deemed to have
passed
if the nurnber of votei against him is equal,to, or less than the
been

number of votes that would have been necessary for the election of
Directors at the immediately preceding annual election of Directors in the
manner aforesaid but,as prrovided under Section 1181 of the Companies,
;
Ordinance, 1984.
, .,,,
26. The remuneration of Directors except regularly paid Chief
Executive and, ftrlt'time'working Directors shall, from time to titrr€,,,bG,y 1,,1,-

:
:

,,.,,

' :,'
r:/

,-."

,

,r.,.

;...., l- it,.lt

::,

;1ffi:,',.,,",."'i,.,.

lt..*

t;;
determined bythe Board of Directors but it shall not excee, O{i*
0",
ti,'!l
meeting at which the Directors are present.
:,. {i. ." , ,.,,r"
!-r,,:;

\

27. The Directors may sanction the payment of such additicidfl-it*s,.t';;rrl
as they may think fit to any Director for any special service he may=nildflge;i;,,'i)'
to the Company or be thought capable of rendering either by fixed sum or
in any other form as may be determined by the Directors subject to the
provisions of the Companies Ordinance, 1984.
28. The Director who resides out of station shall also be entitled to be
paid such travelling and other expenses for attending the meeting for the
Cornpany as may be fixed by the Directors from time to time according to
the provisions of the Gompanies Ordinance, 1984.
29..Any casual vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors shall be

filled in by a resolution of the Board of Directors and the person so

appointed lnall trola office for the remainder of the term of the Directors in
whose place he is appointed.

30. No Director shall be disqualified from his office by contracting
with the Cornpany either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise nor shall any
Director be liable-to account for any profit realised from any such contract
or arrangement or the fiduciary relation thereby established, but the nature
of his interest must be disclosed by him at the first meeting of the Directors
after acquisition of his interest.
NOMINEE DIRECTOR

{.

31. ln addition to the elected Directors, the Financial lnstitutions shall
be entitled, during the currency of their respective loan(s) to the Company
to appoint one person on the Board of Directors of the Company to be
chlled-Nii:riiin€6' Difbdtor dnd-td'rrical! andloi replaie Subh a perbibh from
time to time, Such Nominee Director on the Board of Directors of the
Company may not be holders of share(s) in the Capital of the Company and
regulations and/or rules pertaining to the election, retirement, qualification
and/or disqualification of Directors shall not apply to him.
,

NOTICES

32, Notices for every meeting of the Board of Directors will be given
in writing and there must be given a reasonable time in advance. The
nature of the business to be transacted at an intended Board meeting wil!
be specified in the notice.
MANAGEMENT

33, The.whole,,fiusiness and affairs of the Company shall, subject:to ,':
the control and -supetvisibn of the Board of Directors, be managed apdi i, ,,
controlled by the Chief Executive.

"

6

35. Without prejudice to the powers conferred by these Articles, the
Board of Directors shall have the following powers :'
( a ) To take on lease, purchase, erect or otherwise acquire for the

Gompany any assets, stocks, lands, buildings, property, rights or
privileges which the Company is authorised to acquire at. such
price and generally on such terms and conditions as they think

fit.
( b ) To let, mortgage, sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of

absolutely or conditionally all or any part of the assets, stocks,
raw materials, properties, privileges and undertaking of the
Gompany upon such terms and conditions and for such

( c ) To appoint any person or persons to be attorney or attorneys of

the Company for such purposes and with such powers,

authorities and discretions and for such period and subject to
such conditions as they may, from time to time, think fit.

To enter into, carry out, rescind or vary all financial
, arrangements with any bank, person, company, firm or
corporation or in connection with such arrangements to deposit,
- 'pledga
or hyBothecate property of the Company or the'

(d)

documents representing or relating to the same.

( e ) To make and give receipts, retease and discharge all moneys

'

,

payable to the Company and for the claims and demands of the
Company.

(f

) To compound or allow time to the payment or satisfaction of any

debt due to or by the Company and any claim and demands by or
against the Company and to refer claims 6r demands by or
against.the Company to arbitration and observe and perform the

awards;

'

( g ) To institute;,prosecute, compromise, withdraw or abandon any

legal procoedings by or against the Company or its affairs or
otherwise concerning the affairs of the Company.
,

(h)

(i

\'

) To open, operate and maintain bank/banks account(s)
individually or jointly as the Board may authorise orto any other
person on its behalf.
BORROWING POWERS

36. The Directors may from time to time raise, borrow or secure the
payment of any sums for the purposes of the Company in such manner and
upon such terms and conditions as they think fit and in particular by the
issue of debentures, debenture-stock or other securities charged upon all
or any part of the property of the Company present or future.

37. Debentures, debenture-stock, or other securities may be issued
with any. special privileges as to redemption, surrender, allotment of
shares, attending and appointment of Directors or other privileges subject
to any permission required by !aw.

THE SEAL
38. The Gompany shall have a Common Seal and the Directors shall
provide for the safe custody of the same. The Seal shall not be applied on
any instrument except by the authority of the Board of Directors and in the
presence of at least two Directors who shall sign every instrument to which
the Seal shalt be affixed in their presence. Such' signatures shall"'beconclusive evidence of the fact that the Sea! has been properly affixed.
ACCOUNTS

i*

39. The Directors shall cause to be kept proper books of account as
requfied under Section 230 of the Companies Ordinance, 1984.
40. The books of account shall be kept at the registered office of the
Company or'at such other place as the Directors shall,think'fit subject to
the provisions of Section 230 of the Companies Ordinance,1984,

AUDIT
41. Once at least in every year the accounts of the Company shall be
audited and correctness of the Balance Sheet shall be ascertlined by
one or more Auditors, The Auditors shalt be appointed and theirdirties
regulated in accordance with the provisions of Section 252 fo 255 of the
Companies Ordinance, 1 984.

---l
.

/-;'::y.?Fi.
.,",

-q1i;" it.r: i:.fi.r""
-,,I'L+l'i-t,r',,1.'-j''i{: I..

'', 1t,,

8

-'' ":i".,.
l''i*
,r
i
',"'i, :,
.' 'i i"'
i
-.
"r,

"

INDEMNITY

*.'r, !' '; '
\,'"':'r,,. .','"':.
'"'*i*,+.:.;;,.i-l
";'i,!/

42. ln connectlon with carrying on the business of the Company, the
Chief Executive, every Director, or other officers of the Company shall be
indemnified by the Company for all losses and expenses occasioned by
error of judgment or oversight on his part, unless the same happens
through his own dishonesty or willful act and defaults.
SECRECY

43. No member shall be entitled to visit and inspect the Books of the
Gompany without the permission of the Chief Executive or one of the
Directors or to require discovery of any information regarding any detail of
the Company's business or any matter which is or may be in the nature of
trade secret, or secret process which may relate to the conduct of the
Company's business and which in the opinion of the Directors, will not be
in the interest of the members of the Gompany to communicate to the
public.
ARBITRATION

44. Whenever any difference arises between the Company on the one
hand and the members, their executors, administrators or assignee on the
other hand, touching the true intent or construction or the incident or
consequence of these present or of the statutes or touching any thing
thereafter done, executed, omitted or suffered in pursuance of these
presents or otherwise relating to these presents or to any statutes affecting
the Company, every such difference shall be referred for the decision of the

arbitratorynowi|t-!99u1|iti3!j1lslamiclaw.

t,

,t,i .;'i
-t' :!,!tri"

45. The cost incidental to any such reference and award shall be at
the discretion of the arbitrator or umpire respectively who may determine
the amount thereof and direct the same to be shared between the attorney
and client or otherwise and may award by whom and in what manner the
sam€ish.all be borne and paid.
WINDING UP

46. lf the Company is wound up whether voluntarily or otherwise the
liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution, divide amongst
the contributories in specie any part of the assets and liabilities of the
Company,,subiect to Section 421 and other provisions of the Companies

i