NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER
E-STAMP

tampin 1 00

A PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE

& PUNIAI I&FOkAMT,Q& TECH&OOGy

iiiriitiit

II I1

ID:

PB-LHR-SF6AEFEOCEAAD727

Type:

Low Denomination

Amount:

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

Description:

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(d)

Applicant:

Zameen Media Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akbar(35202-9099820-4)

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Address:

Lahore

Issue Date

8-Dec-2022 1:43:28 PM

Delisted On/Validity:

15-Dec-2022

Amount in Words:

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason:

Lease Agreement With Saima Javed W/o Jaweb lqbal CNIC No. 42201993 1512-6
Muzzamil I PB-LHR-963 I Gardinia Block, Bahria Town Lahore

Vendor Information:

,.liL3 S J.

SHAN ASSOCIATES

-

i.* ji

, jn) ':

Type eStamp <16 digit eStamp Number'- send to 8100

40-B Shan Arcade Barkat Market N

LEASE AGREEMENT
This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement) is made at Lahore on this 9th day of December, 2022
by and between
Ms. Saima Javed W/o Mr. Jaweb lqbal, holding CNIC No. 42201-9931512-6,
resident of House No. 253, Street No. 34, Block Z, Phase III, DHA Lahore
(hereinafter referred to as the "Lessor" which term shall, wherever the context so
permits or requires, means and includes his successors-in-interest, legal heirs and
assigns)
AND
Zameen Media (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg
Ill, Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
(hereinafter referred to as the Lessee" which expression shall mean and include
its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns).
(The Lessor and Lessee shall, where the context so admits, hereinafter collectively
be referred to as the "Parties" and individually as the "Party")
WHEREAS:
(A)

The Lessor is absolute and lawful owner in possession of a multi-storied commercial
building located at Main Susan Road, Faisalabad (the "Building").

(B)

The Lessee, on reliance of the aforementioned representation made by the Lessor,
has agreed to take on lease and the Lessor has agreed to lease the entire basement

Lessor's initials

Page lof 8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

and ground floor of the Building, with total covered area measuring fifty-four hundred (5400) sq.ft.,
along with amenities and utilities attached thereto, (the "Demised Premises"), on rental basis,
upon terms and conditions stated hereunder.
Now THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed between the Parties as under:
1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Demised Premises consisting of an area measuring a total of 5400 sq. ft. will be let
on rental basis by the Lessor to be used by the Lessee for purpose of conducting its
business.

1.2

During the Term of this Agreement, the Lessor shall also provide, or cause to be provided,
maintenance services to the Lessee. The maintenance services shall include inter a/ia
installation and maintenance of lifts, maintenance and renovation of common areas, water
leakage, drainage, fire sprinklers, infrastructure issues, HSE safety equipment, ATS and
electric metres, ATS panel and warranty of equipment installed by the Lessor (the
"Maintenance Services").

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of two (2) years, commencing on 15t January,
2023 (the "Effective Date") ending on 31st December, 2024 or on such other date as may
be agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

MONTHLY & ADVANCE RENT

3.1

The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly rent of Rs. 522,500 (Rupees Five Hundred
Thirty-Two Thousand and Five Hundred) exclusive of tax (the "Monthly Rent") for the
Demised Premises. The Monthly Rent also includes the maintenance charges for the
above-mentioned Maintenance Services.

3.2

At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor Monthly
Rent for six (6) months as advance amounting to a total of Rs. 2,735,000 (Two million
seven hundred thirty-five thousand) exclusive of tax (the "Advance Rent"), i.e. for the
period commencing 1st January, 2023 and ending on 30th June, 2023 (the "Advance Rent
Period"). Including the deduction of Rs. 400,000/- balance amount of Elevator Charges.
The Advance Rent is hereby paid by the Lessee vide crossed cheque No. 42226519,
dated 01-01-2023, drawn on Bank Alfalah Islamic, in favour of the Lessor. The receipt of
the Advance Rent is hereby acknowledged by the Lessor and is attached herewith in
Annexure A.

3.3

After the lapse of the Advance Rent Period, the Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Lessee
to the Lessor bi-annually in advance on or before the 10th day of the month in which it
becomes due. The Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Lessor through a bank instrument or
cheque in favour of Lessor, the receipt whereof shall be acknowledged in writing by the
Lessor.

3.4

If for any period the Demised Premises may be rendered uninhabitable, due to the fault of
or breach of any obligation of the Lessor under the Agreement, the Lessee shall not be
under an obligation to pay the Monthly Rent, utility charges or any other charges for such
uninhabitable period. Furthermore, the Term of this Agreement shall automatically be
extended for a period equal to the uninhabitable period.

3.5

The Monthly Rent shall be subject to 10% rental increment after every year.
n
Lessee's initials

Lessor's initials

Page 2 of 8

,t

:'•

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND'PROPRIETARY

4.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

4.1

Upon signing of this Agreement, the Lessee has deposited with the Lessor a sum of Rs.
2,850,000 (Rupees Two Million and Eight Hundred Fifty Thousand) as security (the
"Security Deposit") which shall be refunded to the Lessee upon expiry or termination of
this Agreement in the manner set out in Clause 10.4. The Lessor hereby acknowledged
the receipt of the Security Deposit.

4.2

The Security Deposit shall not be adjusted against the Monthly Rent. Any deduction from
Security Deposit shall be strictly limited and exclusively in relation to outstanding utility
bills, service and maintenance charges and damage to the Demised Premises (other than
regular wear and tear) during the Term.

4.3

Prior to making any deductions under Clause 4.2 from the Security Deposit, the Lessor
shall notify the Lessee in writing of such deductions. The said notice shall specify the
amount to be deducted and the reasons for any such deductions.

4.4

Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over peaceful and
vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor upon a refund of the Security
Deposit after deductions and adjustments made in accordance with Clause 4.2 and
Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any).

5.

PROPERTY TAX

5.1

The Lessor shall pay property and other applicable taxes, charges or fees related to
ownership of Demised Premises as and when due.

6.

LESSOR OBLIGATIONS

6.1

The Lessor shall handover the vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessee
1St January, 2023 (the 'Possession Date") together with its keys (including electronic
keys and/or smart cards) or password to security devices which shall be occupied by the
Lessee during the Term as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

6.2

The Lessor shall provide one (1) dedicated lifts for the exclusive use of the Lessee and
shall also ensure that the lifts remain operational 24/7 during the Term of this Agreement.

6.3

The Lessor shall provide separate sub-meters for both floors.

6.4

The Lessor shall provide electricity/illumination at common areas of the Building and shall
not charge the Lessee for the same.

6.5

The Lessor shall facilitate the Lessee's internet providers for installation of internet
equipment.

6.6

The Lessor shall provide adequate space for placement of generator.

6.7

The Lessor shall provide dedicated parking space for the exclusive use of the Lessee at
the front and both sides of the Building.

6.8

The Lessee shall be entitled to affix any type and size of signage /branding at front of the
Building, right side of the Building for better visibility from main road as well as complete
elevation of all occupied floors by the Lessee, and for such branding the Lessor shall not
be entitled for any payment/charges.

6.9

In the event that the Lessor require any change in the Demised Premise then the Lessor
shall discuss such requirement with the Lessee. The Lessor shall not be entitled to do any
change without the approval of the Lessee.

Lessor's initials

Page3of8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

6.10

The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee enjoys quiet and peaceful possession of the
Demised Premises during the Term particularly during office hours (9:00 am. to 6:00
p.m.), without any disturbance or hindrance, and without interruption for any reason
whatsoever during office hours, including inter a/ia any construction, repair or maintenance
work.

6.11 The Lessor shall ensure that repair and maintenance of the Demised Premises is regularly
conducted by the management company as and when required. In case the Lessor fails
to do so, the Lessee may carry out all such repair and maintenance work at the cost of
the Lessor and shall deduct such expense/cost from the Monthly Rent.
6.12 In the event that repair or maintenance work is required to be carried out by the Lessor at
the Demised Premises, the Lessor shall notify the Lessee three (3) days in advance of
any such repair and maintenance. However, the Lessor shall conduct all repairs and
maintenance work during business hours (9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.) without causing any
nuisance, excessive noise or disturbance to the Lessee, its employees and business.
6.13 The Lessor or Lessor' representative(s) shall only be able to access the Demised
Premises during business hours and with the prior permission of the Lessee and in the
presence or supervision of the Lessee or its representative(s).
7.

LESSEE'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

7.1

The Lessee shall use the Demised Premises for the commercial and business purposes
only.

7.2

The Lessee shall be responsible to pay all charges for electricity, telephone and
telecommunication, cable television ('Utility Charges") as per use and billing during the
Term however, the Lessor shall clear/pay all the utility bills up to the Possession Date.
The meter readings for the utilities as on the Possession Date shall be noted hereunder:
Reference No.:
Units consumed:
Date:
Reference No.:
Units Consumed:
Date:

7.3

The Lessee shall not during the Term sublet the Demised Premises to any other person
without the prior written consent of the Lessor. However, the Lessee shall have the
absolute right to sublet the Demised Premises to any of its affiliated entities.

7.4

Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Lessee shall have the right but not the
obligation to reverse any alterations made by the Lessee and br remove any fixtures and
fittings installed by the Lessee during the Term.

7.5

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lessee shall have all the rights available to a
lessee under the laws of the jurisdiction, including but not limited to right of access,
approach, movement into and from the Demised Premises (including any common or
shared areas) and right to conduct its business without hindrance.

8.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE LESSOR

8.1

The Lessor hereby represent and warrant that:

Lessor's initials

Page4of8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND:PRQPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Demised Premises is free from any
defect of title, lien, charge, or any encumbrance of whatsoever nature, and that the
Demised Premises shall remain unencumbered throughout the Term, and any
subsequent renewal of the same;
ii. The Demised Premises shall be free from all sorts of defects and the Lessee shall
have access to all basic facilities and utilities throughout the Term;
iii. The Lessor is the absolute and lawful owner of the Demised Premises and the
Lessor shall provide a copy of the necessary ownership documents to the Lessee at
the time of signing of this Agreement;
iv. The Lessor has the full legal right and capacity to lease the Demised Premises. The
Lessor shall indemnify and hold the Lessee harmless against any and all third-party
claims regarding the ownership, possession or lease of the Demised Premises.
v. The Lessor is in complete compliance with and have obtained and maintained all
building permits/licenses, NOCs, including approved map, commercialization
certificate, building completion certificate, temporary permits/licenses in relation to
the Building and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of
federal, state or local of the jurisdiction such that any failure of compliance will not
have an adverse effect on the Lessor's ability to enter, execute, deliver or
consummate this Agreement; and
vi. The Lessor, during the Term, shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations of the jurisdiction.
8.2

No representation or warranty by the Lessor made under this Agreement, nor any
statement or certificates, permits and documents furnished or to be furnished by the
Lessor pursuant to this Agreement, contain or shall contain any false, incomplete,
untruthful or inaccurate statement of material facts.

9.

REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES BY THE LESSEE

9.1

The Lessee undertakes and covenants that:
i.

The Lessee shall keep the Demised Premises in clean and good tenable condition
during the Term; and

ii. The Lessee will use and occupy the Demised Premises for its lawful business
purpose only.
10.

TERMINATION

10.1

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving at least two (2) months prior written
notice to the other Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of such
notice period.

10.2 In the event that any Party is in material breach of the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, then the other Party ("Affected Party"), by giving at least thirty (30) days
written notice to the Party in breach, to cure of such material breach within aforementioned
thirty (30) days. If the breach continues beyond this notice period or is irreversible, the
Affected Party may terminate this Agreement without further notice.
10.3 This Agreement may also be terminated without notice by the Lessee in case the Lessor
fail to hand over possession of the Demised Premises within five (5) days of the
Possession Date.

Lessor's initials

Page 5 of 8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

10.4 Upon such termination of this Agreement under Clauses 10.1 and 10.2, the Lessee shall
hand over peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor upon
a refund of the Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any) and the Security Deposit
after deductions and adjustments made in accordance with this Agreement.
11.

FORcE MAJEURE

11.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government lockdown,
or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which renders the
performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part, for a period of
time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

12.

JuRISDICTION & ARBITRATION

12.1 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan.
12.2 Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if not
amicably resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising, shall be
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice by either
Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language for
arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the case may
be, shall be final and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.
13.

INDEMNITY

13.1 The Lessor hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Lessee, its directors,
officers, employee and agents, from and against all third party claims, losses, damages,
adverse claims, proceedings, charges, penalties, fines, etc. resulting from or arising out
of any breach of the Lessor's obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited
to any of his representations, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct,
complete or complied with and/or arising out of or in relation to any action, error, omission
or negligence of the Lessor.
14.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

14.1 This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No amendment
or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless set forth in writing
and executed by both the Parties.
15.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

15.1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall be
deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party as the
agent of the other for any purpose.

16.

NOTICES

16.1 All notices, requests, communications required under the Agreement shall be delivered
via email or registered post. Emails shall be deemed to have been delivered after twentyfour (24) hours of being sent. Written notices shall be deemed to have been delivered after
three (03) working days of being posted, provided such notices were sent via a reputable
courier company. The contact details of the Lessor and Lessee's representatives for the
purpose of notices shall be as follows:

Lessor's initials

Page 6 of 8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

Lessor

Attention of:
Address:

Ms. Saima Javed
House No. 253, Street No. 34.
Z-Block, Phase Ill, DHA, Lahore

Lessee

Attention of:
Address:

Legal Department
Third Floor, Pearl One,
94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Lahore

17.

WAIVER

17.1

No failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise or waiver of any right or remedy preclude
its further exercise or the exercise of any other right or remedy, whether of a similar or
different nature.

18.

SEVERABILITY

18.1 The provisions of this Agreement are severable In case any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. Parties shall
substitute the affected provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible, the
substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question.
19.

COUNTERPARTS

19.1 This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the terms and conditions of the Agreement set out above are
understood and accepted by the Parties, who expressly agree to abide by them.

For and on behalf of LESSOR

For and on behalf of LESSEE

Ms. Saima Javed
CNlC: 42201-9931512-6

Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
Director Admin & Procurement

WITNESSES
(2)

(1)

Name:

Scth' cia

-

Name:

CNIC:

CNIC:

Date:

Date:

Lessor's initials
Page 7 of 8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAtANDPROPRIETARY

- c

14G1)

Lessee's initial

Annexure A
Advance Rent

Cheque No.

Date

42226519

0 10 1 2 0 2 3

01) IBG-Gulberg Branch Lahore
Pay

Saima Javed**
PKR

Rupees

**2 735 000 OO**

Thousand O nly**
PK69ALFH 55 010 0500126 6157
ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
Signature

Pleoe 03 nOt wirte btiO* tfli line.

IIL, 22 E S

IID 530 ? 51:000000500

Lessor's initials

Page 8 of 8
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

5 ?"0DD

Lessee's initials