AGREEMENT NO.

AGREEMENT TO SELL
DESCRIPTION OF UNIT
PROJECT DETAILS

Developer 

ZAMEEN PLATINUM (PRIVATE) LIMITED
Pearl One, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore.

Name of Project

ZAMEEN NEO

Location 

Plot No. 13, Block H, Gulberg III, Lahore.

UNIT DETAILS
Unit Number 
Area of Unit 

Sft.

Unit Type 
1 Bed Apartment

3 Bed Apartment / Loft

2 Bed Aparmtent

Shop

Purchase Price (PKR) 
In words (Rupees)

Estimated
Completion Date

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 1 of 24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
This Agreement to Sell is entered into at Lahore on this ___ day of _________ 20 ___ by and between:
ZZAMEEN PLATINUM (PRIVATE) LIMITED, with its principal places of business at Pearl One, 94-B/1, MM Alam Road,
Gulberg III, Lahore (“DEVELOPER” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its
successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the ONE PART
AND
(i) BUYER NAME:
Father’s/Husband’s Name:
CNIC/NICOP: 
Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)

Mobile: 

(Office)
E-mail:

(ii) JOINT BUYER NAME (if any):
Father’s/Husband’s Name:
CNIC/NICOP: 
Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)

Mobile: 

(Office)
E-mail:

(iii) ENTITY NAME:
Partnership

Company (private)

Registration No.: 

Company (public)

Sole Proprietorship

NTN:

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: 
Mobile 

CNIC:
E-mail:

(individually, or in the case of joint Buyers, collectively referred to as “Buyer”, which expression shall, where
the context so admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, Nominees,
successors-in-interest, permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 2 of 24

NOMINEES
(A) NOMINEE OF BUYER

Nominee’s Name:
Relationship: 
CNIC/NICOP:
Date of Issue:

Date of Expiry:

Residential Address:

Correspondence Address:

Phone:

(Res)

(Off)

(Mob)

E-mail:

(B) NOMINEE OF JOINT BUYER (IF ANY)

Nominee’s Name:
Relationship: 
CNIC/NICOP:
Date of Issue:

Date of Expiry:

Residential Address:

Correspondence Address:

Phone:

(Res)

(Off)

(Mob)

E-mail:

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 3 of 24

WHEREAS
(A)

The Developer is developing a real estate project named and styled as “ZAMEEN NEO”, comprising of inter

 

alia shops and residential apartments, located at Plot No. 13, Block H, Gulberg III, Lahore (“Project”);

(B)

The Buyer is desirous to purchase the shop / residential apartment as described in Description of Unit (“Unit”); and

(C)

The Developer has agreed to sell the Unit to the Buyer on the terms and conditions of this Agreement to Sell.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree to the following terms and conditions:

SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1.

For the consideration provided in this Agreement to Sell (defined below), including without limitation the full

 

Purchase Price, the Developer will sell the rights in the Unit to the Buyer in accordance with the terms and

 

conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be amended from time to time.

 

Provided that where there is more than one person or entity as the “Buyer”, then the obligations of the persons

 

or entities in relation hereto shall be joint and several.

2.

The following documents (duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive 

 

agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale and purchase of the Unit, all of which shall form

 

an integral part of the Agreement (the “Agreement”):
(i)

 (ii)

Description of Unit;
This Agreement to Sell;

 (iii) General Terms and Conditions ;
 (iv) Nominees Form;
 (v)

Attachment A: Payment Plan 

 (vi) Attachment B: Unit Floor Plan;
 (vii) Attachment C: Component Material; and
 (viii) Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions
 thereof.
3. The documents enumerated in Clause 2 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of any
conflict, ambiguity or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given to the General Terms and
Conditions, followed by the Payment Plan, and Description of Unit. Any terms used as defined terms shall have
the meaning assigned to them in the General Terms and Conditions. The rules of interpretation set out in the
General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents forming the Agreement.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 4 of 24

BUYER’S WARRANTIES
4.
 
5.
 

The Buyer confirms having read, understood and agrees to comply with the Agreement at all times and by any
further terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Developer.
The Buyer confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Buyer in this Agreement are true and correct in
all respects.

6.

The Buyer confirms and warrants that the Buyer (and where there is more than one Buyer, each such Buyer)

 

has the requisite capacity and authority to enter into the Agreement and to perform the obligations hereunder.

ARBITRATION
7. Any dispute or difference as to the Agreement or any part thereof or any matter or thing of whatsoever nature
arising thereunder or in relation thereto between the Developer and the Buyer that cannot be resolved through
mutual agreement shall be referred to arbitration in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set forth
therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

BUYER

JOINT BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

WITNESSED

Witness 1

Witness 2

Name

Name

CNIC/NICOP

CNIC/NICOP

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 5 of 24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1.

Unless inconsistent with the context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement 
means the the Agreement to Sell, including these General Terms and Conditions as well
as all documents enumerated in Clause 2 of the Agreement to Sell.
Agreement to Sell means the Agreement to Sell entered into between the Developer and the Buyer to which
these General Terms and Conditions are appended.
Adjusted Amount has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.3 of these General Terms and Conditions
means the person or persons identified as the Buyer in the Agreement to Sell and his/her

Buyer

or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted transferees
and permitted assigns. Where there is more than one Buyer, references to one Buyer
shall be to such persons jointly and severally.
means any any additional amenities that may be made available to the Buyer or occupant

Amenities
 

of the Other Units by the Developer, after the handover of possession of Unit, subject to

 

the Buyer complying with his/her obligations under Clause 4 of these General Terms and

 

Conditions.

Common Areas means those parts of the Project not physically forming a part of any Unit and are
intended for the common use of all occupants or owners of all Units, including inter alia
all open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies, Parking
Space and hallways.
Common Facilities means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, security system, tube-well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas that are intended for facilitating all occupants and owners of Units
and do not form part of any given Unit.
Competent Authority means any federal, provincial, capital or local government or authority, department,
local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority including, inter alia, the Lahore
Development Authority and any other authority which has jurisdiction over any aspect
or part of the Project or the Agreement.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 6 of 24

Completion or Estimated
Completion Date means the date or expected date communicated by the Developer as the date or expected
date on which the Unit will be ready for handover of possession to the Buyer, subject to
the Buyer complying with his/her obligations inter alia as per Clause 5 (Construction and
Possession of Unit) of these General Terms and Conditions.
Completion Notice means a written notice sent to the Buyer by the Developer communicating the Completion
Date.
Component Materials means inter alia steel, cement, diesel, labour or any other material used for construction
and finishing of the Project.
means ZAMEEN PLATINUM (PRIVATE) LIMITED, with its office at Pearl One, 94-B/1, MM

Developer
 

Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore.

Down Payment
 

means the down payment paid by the Buyer under the Agreement to Sell, as given in the
Payment Plan or any other amount as agreed between the Parties in writing.

Due Date means the date on or before which any payment, including the payments mentioned in
the Payment Plan, is required to be paid by the Buyer in the Developer’s designated bank
account.
Event of Force Majeure

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 14.1 of these General Terms and Conditions..

Instalment Payment means any payment (including Down Payment) to be made by the Buyer as per the
Payment Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Instalment Payment may, subject to Clause
3.3, include any applicable Adjusted Amount.
Management Company

means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or

 

associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest

 

and assigns) charged with the responsibility of maintaining, operating or managing the

 

Project or any part thereof, including, inter alia, the Parking Space, Common Areas and/

 

or Common Facilities.

Nominee means such person, as may be nominated by the Buyer as the person who may facilitate
in the process of transfer of rights and obligations of the Buyer, under the Agreement to
Sell, to Buyer’s legal heirs, in the event of demise of the Buyer.
Parking Space
 

means the parking space allocated for the exclusive use of the Buyer or occupants of
the Unit.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 7 of 24

means the Developer or the Buyer, whereas Parties means both.

Party

Payment Plan means the Payment Plan in Attachment A of the Agreement to Sell, setting out the Due
Date, quantum and schedule of Installment Payments of the Purchase Price to be paid by
the Buyer to the Developer.
Permitted Use

means the permissible nature and use of the Unit as per the Unit type specified in the
Description of the Unit, strictly in accordance with the Rules (defined below).

Project means the real estate project, named and styled as ‘Zameen Neo’, being constructed and
developed by the Developer at Plot No. Plot No. 13, Block H, Gulberg III, Lahore.
Purchase Price means the total amount payable by the Buyer to purchase the Unit (exclusive of tax),
as identified in the Payment Plan in Attachment A to the Agreement to Sell, as may be
modified in terms hereof including under Clause 9.2 and any Adjusted Amount in terms
of Clause 3.3 of the Agreement.
Unit means the residential apartment or shop, as shown in the Unit Floor Plan, which the
Buyer has contracted to purchase pursuant to the Agreement.
Unit Floor Plan
 

means the floor plan of the Unit and its location, as shown in Attachment B to the
Agreement to Sell.

Rules 
means such rules as may be framed by the Developer and/or the Management
Company and amended from time to time setting out the Buyer’s / Occupant’s rights
and obligations in relation to the transfer/resale, use, occupancy, layout, maintenance,
design and display of the all Units.
Service Charges Advance means the Service Charges payable by the Buyer to the Management Company in advance
 

at the time of possession of the Unit and in accordance with the Clause 3.1(ii) of the General

 

Terms and Conditions.

Service Charges

The amount payable periodically by the Buyer to the Management Company, pursuant to

 

the management agreement to be executed between the Parties, as a service charges

 

fee for management, administration, maintenance and control of the Project, without

 

limitation the Unit, Common Areas, Common Facilities and Parking Space. The amount of 

 

Service Charge shall be determined by the Management Company in its absolute

 

discretion.

Other Unit(s)
 

means any one or more of residential apartment, shop or other type of unit in the Project,
other than the Unit.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 8 of 24