NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER

AUTOMATION Of STAMP PAPER

A PROJECT 0€ BOARD OF REVENUE
£ PUNJAB INFORMATiON ISCUNOLOGY BOARD

• .

i

O-Stamrpnqo

ID

PB-LHR-DC12FD34COAO41C6

Type:

Low Denomination

Amount

Rs 100/-

Sr#

Scan for online verification
Description

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)

Applicant
DUBIZZLE LABS SMC PRIVATE LIMITED Through Mariam Saleem Akbar [35202-9099820-4]

'- I - .

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Agent

Waseem Raja 135202-5960651-51

Address:

Lahore

Issue Date

2-Jul-2024 3:27:17 PM

Delisted On/Validity:

9-Jul-2024

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason

Lease Agreement with Naveed Shah 5/0 Nawabzada Muhammad Shah,
holding CNIC No. 17301-0268110-S

Vendor Information

Ahmad All I PB-LHR-1709 I Garden Town

ShanAs ociates
I.,

40-B Shan .Srcade

LEASE AGREEMENT
This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made at Lahore on this 2 July, 2024 by and between
Naveed Shah Sb Nawabzada Muhammad Shah, holding CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5,
resident of House No. 114, Gulbahar No.4, Javid Town, Peshawar duly authorized to sublet
the Demised Premises (defined below) through Lease Agreement dated 15t January, 2021
(hereinafter referred to as the "Lessor" which expression shall, where the context so
permits or requires, means and includes its successors-in-interest, legal heirs and assigns)
AND
DUBIZZLE LABS (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at gth Floor, Mega Tower, 63-B Main Boulevard, Gulberg
II, Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
(hereinafter referred to as the Lessee" which expression shall mean and include its
successors-in-interest and permitted assigns).
(Hereinafter individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively as "Parties")
WHEREAS:
(A)

The Lessor has represented to the Lessee that the Lessor is in lawful possession of the third floor,
measuring nine thousand (9000) sq. ft., of the commercial building named and styled as "Mega
Tower", located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore (the Demised Premises") and also
authorized to sublet the Demised Premises through Lease Agreement dated
January, 2021
executed between the Lessor and Reshmatex Private Limited; and

(B)

The Lessee, on reliance of the aforementioned representation made by the Lessor, has agreed to
take on lease and the Lessor has agreed to let the Demised Premises along with amenities and
utilities attached thereto, on rental basis, upon terms and conditions stated hereun

Lessor initials
Page 1 of 7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initial

NOW THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed between the Parties as under:
1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Demised Premises will be let on rental basis by the Lessor to be used by the Lessee for
purpose of conducting its business.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of three (3) years, commencing on 1St July, 2024 (the
"Effective Date") ending on 30th June, 2027 or on such other date as may be agreed mutually
between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

MONTHLY & ADVANCE RENT

3.1

The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly rent of Rs. 828,000 (Rupees Eight Hundred TwentyEight Thousand) exclusive of all taxes (the "Monthly Rent") for the Demised Premises.

3.2

The Lessors shall grant to the Lessee a rent-free period from l July, 2024 to 315t August, 2024 for
the purpose of undertaking renovations, modifications and alterations (Renovation Period'). For
the avoidance of doubt, the Lessor confirm that no rent, fees or any other charges shall be charged
to the Lessee during the Renovation Period. Accordingly, the Monthly Rent shall be payable from
1St September, 2024 until the expiry of the Term, subject to terms and conditions of this Agreement.

3.3

At the time of signing of this Agreement, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor Monthly Rent for six
(6) months as advance amounting to a total of Rs. 4,968,000 (Rupees Four Million and Nine
Hundred Sixty-Eight Thousand) exclusive of all taxes (the Advance Rent"), i.e. for the period
commencing l September, 2024 and ending on 28th February, 2025 (the Advance Rent
Period"). The Advance Rent is hereby paid by the Lessee to the Lessor, the receipt whereof is
hereby acknowledged by the Lessor.

3.4

After the lapse of the Advance Rent Period, the Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Lessee to the
Lessor in advance on a bi-annually basis on or before the 10th day of the month upon which it
becomes due through a bank instrument or cheque in favour of the Lessor, the receipt whereof
shall be acknowledged in writing by the Lessor.

3.5

The Monthly Rent is inclusive of all service and maintenance charges and no additional charges
shall be payable to the Lessor by the Lessee for the provision of maintenance services of the
Demised Premises including inter-a/ia regular upkeep of all common areas, engineering services,
protection of Building, maintenance and 24/7 functioning of elevator and general maintenance and
repairs that may be required in Building and Demised Premises from time to time.

3.6

The Monthly Rent shall be subject to 7.7% rental increment after every year. For the avoidance of
doubt, the first annual increment under this clause shall be applicable from 1St September, 2025.

4.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

3.7

Upon signing of this Agreement, the Lessee shall deposit with the Lessor a sum equal to three (3)
months' Monthly Rent amounting to a total of Rs. 2,484,000 (Rupees Two Million Four Hundred
Eighty-Four Thousand) as security (the "Security Deposit") which shall be refunded to the Lessee
upon expiry or termination of this Agreement in the manner set out in Clause 10.4. The Security
Deposit is hereby paid by the Lessee to the Lessor, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged
by the Lessor.

4.1

Unless agreed otherwise in writing between Parties, any deduction from Security Deposit shall be
strictly limited to outstanding utility bills or damage to the Demised Premises (other than regular
wear and tear) during the Term. Prior to making any deduction from the Security Deposit, the Lessor
shall notify the Lessee in writing of such deductions. The said notice shall specify the amount to be
deducted and the reasons for any such deductions.

Lessor initials

Page 2of7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

4.2

Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over peaceful and vacant
possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor upon a refund of the Security Deposit after
deductions and adjustments made in accordance with Clause 4.2 and Monthly Rent for unutilised
lease period (if any).

5.

PROPERTY TAX

5.1

The Lessor shall pay property and other applicable taxes, charges or fees related to ownership of
Demised Premises as and when due.

6.

LESSOR'S OBLIGATIONS

6.1

The Lessor shall handover the vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessee on 1st
July, 2024 (the "Possession Date") together with its keys (including electronic keys and/or smart
cards) or password to security devices which shall be occupied by the Lessee during the Term.

6.2

The Lessors shall be responsible for the constructions and installation of equipment detailed herein
below as per the requirement of the Lessee:
i.

Dismantling of extra walls;

ii. Change broken windows glass;
iii. Silicon filling of windows glass; and
iv. Floor filling and levelling
6.3

The Lessor shall provide three (3) LESCO three phase meters and three (3) single phase meters
for the exclusive use of the Lessee.

6.4

The Lessee shall provide dedicated parking space for cars and bikes in basement for the exclusive
use of the Lessee.

6.5

The Lessor shall ensure that no hoardings, flex, banners, flags of any competitor of the Lessee or
any other kind of obstruction is permitted on the front and side elevation of the Demised Premises,
unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Parties.

6.6

The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee enjoys quiet and peaceful possession of the Demised
Premises during the Term particularly during office hours (9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.), without any
disturbance or hindrance, and without interruption for any reason whatsoever during office hours.

6.7

In the event that repair or maintenance work is required to be carried out by the Lessor at the
Demised Premises, the Lessor shall notify the Lessee three (3) days in advance of any such repair
and maintenance. However, the Lessor shall conduct all repairs and maintenance only during such
hours that are mutually agreed upon between the Parties without causing any nuisance, excessive
noise or disturbance to the Lessee, its employees and business.

6.8

The Lessor or Lessor' representative(s) shall only be able to access the Demised Premises during
business hours and with the prior permission of the Lessee and in the presence or supervision of
the Lessee or its representative(s). The Lessor shall ensure that no other tenant of the Building or
unauthorised person(s) has access to at the Demised Premises.

7.

LESSEE'S RIGHTS & OBLIGATIONS

7.1

The Lessee shall use the Demised Premises for the commercial and business purposes only.

7.2

The Lessee shall be responsible to pay all charges for water, sewerage, electricity, gas, telephone
and telecommunication, cable television, back-up generator etc. (Utility Charges") as per use and
billing during the Term.

7.3

The Lessee at the expiry or termination of the Agreement, subject to other terms and conditions of
the Agreement, shall handover the Demised Premises to the Lessor in the same condition as on
Possession Date (excluding regular wear and tear due to use).

7.4

The Lessee shall obtain permission from Lessor, if any changes, alteration or construction in any
part of the Demised Premises is required.

7.5

The Lessee shall have the absolute right to sublet the Demised Premises to a
companies and undertakings.

Lessor initials

I ,- I ,, I

Page 3 of7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

7.6

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lessee shall have all the rights available to a lessee
under the laws of the jurisdiction, including but not limited to right of access, approach, movement
into and from the Demised Premises (including any common or shared areas) and right to conduct
its business without hindrance.

8.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE LESSOR

8.1

The Lessor hereby represent and warrant that:
i.

At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Demised Premises is free from any defect of
title, lien, charge, or any encumbrance of whatsoever nature, and that the Demised Premises
shall remain unencumbered throughout the Term, and any subsequent renewal of the same;

U. The Lessor is duly authorized to sublet the Demised Premises through Lease Agreement
dated 1st January, 2021 and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement;
iii. The Lessee shall not in any manner whatsoever be liable for any third party claims and the
Lessor shall hold the Lessee harmless against any and all third-party claims regarding the
authorization, possession or lease of the Demised Premises;
iv. The Lessor shall ensure that the owner of the Demised Premises maintains all building
permits/licenses, NOCs, including commercialization certificate, building completion
certificate, temporary permits/licenses in relation to the Demised Premises and shall comply
with all applicable laws; and
v. The Building has been constructed by following all the applicable laws, rules and regulations
of the concerned government departments and Authorities including but not limited to Lahore
Development Authority, Civil Defence, Energy Department etc. (Government
Departments"). In the event any notice is issued or any penalty is imposed by the
Government Departments for breach of any applicable laws, rules and regulations then the
Lessor shall be responsible for responding to such notice and payment of any and all
penalties imposed in relation thereto.
8.2

No representation or warranty by the Lessor made under this Agreement, nor any statement or
certificates, permits and documents furnished or to be furnished by the Lessor pursuant to this
Agreement, contain or shall contain any false, incomplete, untruthful or inaccurate statement of
material facts.

9.

REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES BY THE LESSEE

9.1

The Lessee undertakes and covenants that:
i.

The Lessee shall keep the Demised Premises in clean and good tenable condition during
the Term; and

ii. The Lessee will use and occupy the Demised Premises for its lawful business purpose only.
10.

TERMINATION

10.1

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving two (2) months prior written notice to the other
Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of such notice period. Upon lapse of
notice period, if Lessee remains unable to vacate the Demised Premises for any reason whatsoever
and requires extra days for vacation then tenancy shall run on day-to-day basis and the Lessee
shall only be liable to pay per day rent to the Lessor for extra days (if any) utilized by the Lessee.

10.2

In the event that any Party is in material breach of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, then
the other Party ("Affected Party"), by giving at least sixty (60) days written notice to the Party in
breach, to cure of such material breach within aforementioned sixty (60) days. If the breach
continues beyond this notice period or is irreversible, the Affected Party may terminate this
Agreement without further notice.

10.3

This Agreement may also be terminated without notice by the Lessee in case the Lessor fails to
fulfil his obligations and hand over possession of the Demised Premises within five (5) days of the
Possession Date. Upon termination under this clause, the Lessor shall refund all monies paid by
the Lessee until the date of termination.

Lessor initials

Page 4 of 7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initial

10.4

Upon such termination of this Agreement under Clauses 10.1 and 10.2, the Lessee shall hand over
peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor upon a refund of the
Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any) and the Security Deposit after deductions and
adjustments made in accordance with this Agreement.

11.

FORCE MAJEURE

11.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national emergency, war,
prohibitive government and court orders, act of nature or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable
control of such Party which renders the performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible
in whole or part, for a period of time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure. If the
force majeure event exceeds a period of thirty (30) days, the Parties may terminate the Agreement.

12.

JuRISDIcTION & ARBITRATION

12.1

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan.

12.2

Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if not amicably
resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising, shall be referred to arbitration
under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice by either Party to the other Party. The place
of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language for arbitration shall be English. The decision and
award of the arbitrator(s), as the case may be, shall be final and binding on both Parties, including
decisions as to costs.

13.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

13.1

This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and understanding
between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No amendment or change hereof or
addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless set forth in writing and executed by both the
Parties.

14.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

14.1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall be deemed
to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party as the agent of the other
for any purpose.

15.

NOTICES

15.1

All notices, requests, communications required under the Agreement shall be delivered via email
or registered post. Emails shall be deemed to have been delivered after twenty-four (24) hours of
being sent. Written notices shall be deemed to have been delivered after three (03) working days
of being posted, provided such notices were sent via a reputable courier company. The contact
details of the Lessor and Lessee's representatives for the purpose of notices shall be as follows:
Lessor

Attention of:
Address:

Mr. Naveed Shah
Mega Tower, 63-B,
Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore

Lessee

Attention of:
Address:

Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
8th Floor, Mega Tower,
63-B Main Boulevard Gulberg II, Lahore

16.

SEVERABILITY

16.1

The provisions of this Agreement are severable. In case any provision of this Agreement shall be
invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby. Parties shall substitute the affected
provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible, the substitution carries out the
original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question.

17.

COUNTERPARTS

17.1

This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same.

Lessor initials

Page 5 of 7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions
set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
For and on behalf of LESSOR

For and on behalf of LESSEE

Naveed Shah
CNlC: 17301-0268110-5

Mariam Saleem Akbar
CNIC: 35202-9099820-4

WITNESSES

Name:

.4

CNlC:

Lessor initials

Page 6 of 7
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:

ApeEL 1<414Ll7

CNIC:

Lessee's initialsi