JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN

ZAMEEN FORTE (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED

AND

ZEDEM INTERNATIONAL (PRIVATE) Lll\fiTED

II IIII ll IlIll Ill III ll IIllll II Ill III IllIII II II lIllIl\1111II111111 II\

071722

500

THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into at Rawalpindi
on this 24th day of May, 2021 by and between:

ZAMEEN FORTE (SMC-PRJVATE) LIMITED , a company duly
incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its
registered office at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg TH,
Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan
(hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which expression shall, where the
context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-ininterest, administrators and assigns);

AND
ZEDEM INTERNATIONAL (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly
mcorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its
registered office at Faisal Tower, Faisal Town, Fateh Jung Road,
Rawalpindi, acting through its authorized representative and Director Mr.
Zohair Majeed son of Abdul Majeed, resident of Park Road, House No. 16,
Sector F-8/2 Islamabad, bearing CNIC 33104-3396404-9 (hereinafter
referred to as "ZEDEM" which expression shall, where the context so
permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest,
administrators and assigns).
(Zameen and ZEDEM shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a "Party" and
collectively as the "Par ties").

WHEREAS:
(A)

Each of Zameen and ZEDEM are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects;

(B)

The Parties destre and agree to undertake a mutually beneficial project in the name
and style as mutually agreed between the Parties on the Project Land located at Plot
No 05 situated in Block C, Faisal Town, Fateh Jang Road (N80), Rawalpindi, (the
" Project Land");

Rawalpindi (as more particularly described herein below) (the "Project Land")
and has agreed to transfer/convey the Project Land to the Joint Venture for the
Project, in the manner detailed herein.

(D)

In order to undertake the Project on the Project Land, the Parties have agreed that
they will undertake, manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under
the laws of Pakistan and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this
Agreement;

(E)

The Parties acknowledge giving the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"Agreement" means this Agreement concluded between the Parties including all
Annexures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Allotment Letter" means the allotment letter to be issued by the Landowner in
the name of the Joint Venture.
"Amnesty Scheme" means the scheme under Section lOOD of the Income Tax
Ordinance 200 l as amended vide Finance Act, 2020 along with any further
amendments and/or revisions from time to time in relation thereto.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Project the time when the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture for sale to the public.
"Complex" means the residential building consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Project Master Plan.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under Clause 12.3.
"Construction" means the technical supervision, civil engineering and
construction supervision, supervision of the design stage, quality controls,
implementation of the Project and management services, which includes without
limitation the entire Project management, detailed supervision of the Works and
coordination between consultants and Contractors, to achieve complete
construction and development of the Project in accordance with the Project Master
Plan and the Schedule of Works.
"Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to be executed
between the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 3 of28
THlS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 3 of28

"Construction Contractor" means CAM Construction (Private) Limited.
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours
Pakistan time, unless specified herein as starting from a different hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to
Clause 12.
"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parties.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge, mortgage, charge,
hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
"Events of Default" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1.
"Fair Market Value" means the value of the Project, Joint Venture or Project
Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Valuer.
"Feasibility Report" means the report detailing the projected or estimated costs,
returns, revenue and profits of the Project prepared, agreed and duly signed by the
Parties at the time of submission of final drawings to the relevant Government
Authority(ies) which shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement.
"FBR Registration" means registration of the Project with Federal Board of
Revenue under the Amnesty Scheme.
"Federal Board of Revenue" means Federal Board of Revenue of Pakistan.
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Pakistan and/or any
ministry, department or subdivision thereof including but not limited to local and
municipal authorities such as the Rawalpindi Development Authority, Faisal Town
or any person exercising executive, legislative, regulatory or administrative
functions on behalf of the foregoing including, without limitation those persons,
offices and/or entities responsible for the regulation, certification and approval of
building and building services design and construction, roads, traffic, electricity
and water transmission and distribution, telecommunications, wastewater and
sewage, and all environmental, archaeological and historical, tourism and public
health matters.
"Initial Construction" means the construction of the site office and excavation of
Project Land.
"Independent Valuer" shall mean either one consulting firm selected by the
Parties from any one of the Big Four consulting firms namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf
Adil ; (ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF
Ferguson & Co, or, in the event that the Parties are unable to agree on such
selection, a panel of three (3) consulting firms to be constituted in the manner
prescribed in Clause 12.
"Initial Contribution" means the funds or other arrangements agreed to be
contributed, initially to the Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in Clause
3.1.

Zameen Forte initials:

~I---~

Page 4 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 4 of28

"Joint Ventur e" means the joint venture established between Zameen and
ZEDEM for the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms hereof.
"Landowner" means ZEDEM International (Private) Limited, in its capacity as the
sole and absolute owner in possession of the Project Land.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or given effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 8.1. l
"Market Rate" means the average of the construction rates obtained by the Project
Management Committee from two or more independent construction companies
(of similar PEC certified category) from open market.
"Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and " Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month according to the Gregorian calendar.
"Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Total Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with Clause 12.7.
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
"Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
construction and maintenance of the Complex, its marketing and sales, and all
activities materially incidental thereto.
"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Complex, MEP, drainage, sewage and structural
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to Faisal Town and Rawalpindi Development Authority, with respect to the Project.
"Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4.2.
"Project Commencement Date" means the date of receipt of Project Approvals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means when the Project is fully completed as per the
Project Master Plan and, except as otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers ' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 5 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 5 of28

"Project Land" means the land measuring 16.72 Kanals located at Plot No 05
situated in Block C, Faisal Town, Fateh Jang Road (N80), Rawalpindi, as more
fully described in the site map attached in Annexure A.
"Project Land Cost" means the consideration for the Project Land to be paid to
the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with Clause 4.1.8
"Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in Clause 4.1.6.
"Project Management Committee" means the committee formed pursuant to
Clause 5 of this Agreement for the overall management of the Project.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and project schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, including
any contracts through which the Units will be agreed to be sold, sold and ultimately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds realized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall include the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sold Units in prior Months.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out for the completion of the
Project, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from time to time.
"Senior Officers'' means (a) Mr. Zohair Majeed for ZEDEM, and (b) Mr. Zeeshan
Ali Khan for Zameen.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Project Completion
or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
"Total Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
Proceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residential apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required for the completion of the Complex.
1.2

Interpretation
In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:

(a)

A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactment's or replacements of any of them;

(e)

The singular includes the plural and vice versa;

Zameen Forte initials:

I

ZEDEM International:

Page 6 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFlDENTlAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 6 of28

(f)

the word "person" includes a firm, a body corporate, whether registered or
unregistered or an authority;

(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on which banks are not open for general banking business in
Lahore, Pakistan, that obligation is to be performed on the next business
day;

(l)

reference to 'written' or 'writing' means any band-written, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable, e-mail and facsimile
transmission.

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2.1

The Parties agree and understand that the Project will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. The sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Project Land.

2.2

The Parties agree and understand that to undertake the Project on the Project Land
and to purchase the Project Land and transfer/ convey the title thereof in the name
of the Joint Venture the Parties shall formulate a partnership under the Partnership
Act, 1932 by entering into and executing a partnership deed and/or any other
relevant document that shall be registered in the office of the registrar of firms.

2.3

During the term of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or permit/facilitate
the utilization of the Project Land or any part thereof for any purpose other than the
Project.

2.4

This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the Effective
Date. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the Tenn or such
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminated in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

2.5

Notwithstanding anything contrary in any other agreement, document, deed,
understanding, or arrangement in writing between the parties, the provisions of this
Agreement shall prevail over the provisions of such other agreement, document,
deed, understanding or arrangement and this Agreement shall supersede such other
agreement, document, deed, understanding or arrangement.

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3.1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3 .1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall be as
follows:
Contribution (Rs.)

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 7 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 7 of28

ZEDEM
Zameen
Total

Project
Aggroval
Cost

Project Land
Transfer Cost

Initial
Construction
Cost

Design &
Architecture
Cost

Total
Contribution

-

-

-

-

-

48,850,000
48,850,000

150,000
150,000

21,500,000
21,500,000

27,500,000
27,500,000

98,000,000
98,000,000

3.1.2

The Project Land shall be the contribution by ZEDEM, and Zameen shall contribute
towards initial Construction Cost, Project Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer
Cost and Design and Architecture Cost in the manner outlined in Clause 4 wherein
Project Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer Cost and Initial Construction Cost
shall be subject to any adjustment on the basis of actual cost incurred.

3.2

Profit-Sharing Formula
The Parties agree and understand that that they will share profits in accordance with
the formula set out below:
ZEDEM
Zameen

50% of the
50% of the

The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in
accordance with Clause 10 below.

4.

ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND & PROJECT APPROVALS

4.1

Project Land

4.1. l

For the purposes of undertaking the Project on the Project Land and transfer of the
same to the Joint Venture, the Joint Venture shall purchase the Project Land from
the Landowner. In this regard, ZEDEM shall ensure/procure that the Project Land
is transferred and conveyed to the Joint Venture through Allotment Letter, along
with handing over of vacant possession to the Joint Venture.

4.1.2

For the purpose of transferring/conveying the Project Land in favor of the Joint
Venture ZEDEM as the Landowner shall issue Allotment Letter in the name of the
Joint Venture within thirty (30) days from the date of the singing of this agreement
or as mutually agreed between the parties.

4.1.3

The Joint Venture shall apply for allotment of the Project Land to ZEDEM as
Landowner whereupon ZEDEM as Landowner shall issue Allotment Letter,
provisional no demand certificate and possession letter along with any other
document and/or certificate to be issued in the name of the Joint Venture for
transferring and conveying the Project Land in the name of the Joint Venture.
However, ZEDEM as Landowner undertakes, acknowledges and understands that
the terms and conditions of Allotment Letter, provisional no-demand certificate,
possession letter and/or any other document or certificate shall not be in
contradiction to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4.1.4

The Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project
Land shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project
Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms
of this Agreement.

4.1.5

ZEDEM undertakes, acknowledges and understands that as Landowner it shall do
all acts, deeds, things and take all necessary steps, as and when required, including
issumg any no-objection certificates, as well as

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 8 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 8 of 28