NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER
E-STAMP Reg #:

esiampine

A PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE

& PUNJAD NORA.' ON TEC C'C)G POOP

.L

!!E111llIlluhI [iHi

I'll IEIJII

ID:

PB-LHR-C6471234D005CE8F

Type:

Low Denomination

Amount:

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

Description:

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT - Sid)

Applicant

Zameen Media Private Limited Through Mariam Saleem Akbar [35202-9099820-4]

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Agent:

Waseem Raja [35202-5960651-5]

Address

Lahore

Issue Date

29-May-2023 12:29:53 PM

Delisted On/Validity:

5-Jun-2023

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason:

Service Agreement with Honda Township (Pvt.) Ltd Through Adnan Ahmad
CNIC: 35200-8241238-9

Vendor Information

Ahmad Ali PB-LHR-1709 I Garden Town

l

t

SHAN ASS0 CIATES
40-B Shan Arcad

o45l jl.

pj

-. ll

O

:

Type eStamp <16 digit eStamp Number> send to 8100

Barkat Market New Garden Town Iahore

SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE OF VEHICLES
This service agreement for repair and maintenance of vehicles (Agreement") is made at
Lahore on this 29th day of May, 2023
BY AND BETWEEN
Honda Township (Pvt.) Ltd a company having its registered office at Kot
Lakhpat, Peco Road, Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Mr.
Adnan Ahmad (hereinafter referred to as "Service Provider" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and
includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns).
AND
Zameen Media (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at 3rd floor, Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam
Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore, acting through its duly authorized representative Ms.
Mariam Saleem Akbar (hereinafter referred to as "Company" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and
includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);
(Service Provider and Company shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a "Party"
and collectively as the "Parties").
WHEREAS the Service Provider is desirous of providing, and the Company is desirous of
availing, repair and maintenance services for its vehicles from the Service Provider in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as may be amended on written
mutual consent between the Parties.

Service Provider's initials

Page 1 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:

1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Service Provider hereby agrees to provide, and the Company hereby agrees to
avail repair and maintenance services for its vehicles on such rates as mutually agreed
between the Parties from time to time.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective fora period of two (2) year commencing on 01st May,
2023 (the "Effective Date") ending on 30th April, 2025 or on such other date as may
be agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the 'Term").

3.

SERVICES

3.1

The Service Provider shall provide to the Company repair and maintenance services
(the "Services") as and when required by the Company.

3.2

The Company shall intimate the Service Provider through e-mail regarding the
required Services to be undertaken (the "Work Order") and the Service Provider shall
repair the vehicle as per the requirement of the Company within the agreed time as
envisaged in the Work Order. However, if Service Provider feels that additional work
needs to be done then Service Provider shall request the Company for issuance of
work order for additional work. The Service Provider shall carry out the additional work
only upon receipt of work order for additional work from the Company.

3.3

The rates of spare parts shall be charged by the Service Provider in accordance with
the rates approved by Honda Atlas Cars Pakistan Limited applicable as on the date of
repair of vehicle. However, the Company shall reserve the right to verify such rates.

4.

SERVICES FEES AND PAYMENT

4.1

For the Services availed by the Company, the Service Provider shall issue invoice on
a fortnightly basis. The invoice shall specify the details of each and every maintenance
work along with applicable rates. The Company shall verify the invoice and make
payments within Forty-Five (45) working days from the date of recipient of invoice.

4.2

The Company shall notify the Service Provider about any dispute, discrepancy or
objection in respect of any invoice within Fifteen (15) working days from the receipt of
such invoice. On being notified, Service Provider shall issue revised invoice containing
necessary changes I alterations.

4.3

The Service Provider hereby acknowledges and confirms that other than the services
fee, Service Provider shall not be entitled to any other payment, costs, expenses or
charges from the Company, unless expressly approved in writing.

4.4

All the aforementioned prices are inclusive of withholding tax (WHT). All payments
under this Agreement shall be made through crossed cheque I IBFT in favor of Honda
Township (Private) Limited.

5.

WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS

5.1

The Service Period hereby represents and warrants that:
i. it has the authority to enter into and execute this Agreement;
ii. it has obtained validation of all its requisite licenses, authorizations, approvals and
consents from the statutory authorities as required under the applicable laws to
provide the Services ("License") under this Agreement. Moreover, th

Service Provider's initials

cq\

Page 2 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

Provider shall ensure that the License shall remain valid and in force during the
Term and any renewal thereof hereunder;
iii. it shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with applicable
laws, the License, industry standards and good practices; and
iv. It shall render Services under this Agreement in a timely and effective manner,
with the highest level of care and skill.
5.2

The Service Provider acknowledges that the Company has been induced to enter into
this Agreement on the basis of and reliance on the representations made by the
Service Provider.

6.

TERMINATION

6.1

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving one (1) month's prior written
notice to the other Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of
such notice period.

7.

FORCE MAJEURE

7.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government
lockdown, or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which
renders the performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part,
for a period of time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

8.

JURISDICTION & ARBITRATION

8.1

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Pakistan.

8.2

Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if not
amicably resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising, shall be
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice by either
Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language for
arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the case
may be, shall be final and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.

9.

INDEMNITY

9.1

The Service Provider hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
Company against all third party claims, losses, damages, adverse claims,
proceedings, charges, penalties, fines, etc. resulting from or arising out of any breach
of the Servicer Provider's obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited
to any of its representations, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct,
complete or complied with and/or arising out of or in relation to any action, error,
omission or negligence of the Service Provider.

10.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

10.1 This Agreement and the Anriexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No
amendment or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless
set forth in writing and executed by both the Parties.
11.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

11 .1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall
be deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party
as the agent of the other for any purpose.

Service Provider's initials
Page 3 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

12.

SEVERABILITY

12.1

The provisions of the Agreement are severable and if one or more provisions are found
to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or part, the remaining provisions, to the extent
enforceable. shall be binding and enforceable.

13.

COUNTERPARTS

13.1

This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same.

14.

TIME Is ESSENCE

14.1

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the time fixed for completion of
obligations under this Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Agreement.

IN WITNESSS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day.
month and year mentioned above.
For and on behalf of Service

oeIçer

Adnan Ahmad
CNIC: 35200-8241238-9

For and on behalf of Company

Mariam Saleem Akbar
CNlC: 35202-3590102-9

(2)

Name:

/j7EE- 4'#)-4N/4/?

Name:

CNlC:

352O).-&c6398—S

CNlC:

Date:

Service Provider's initials

Page 4 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Date:

Compans initials