IN THE COURT OF CIVIL JUDGE, PESHAWAR 
 
 
 
 
 Bilal Ud Din 
 
 VERSUS 
 
 Director Zameen .com &amp; Others 
 
 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT FOR &amp; ON BEHALF OF DEFENDANT No. 1 &amp; 3 
 
 
 Preliminary Submissions: 
 
 At the very outset it is submitted that Zameen.com is not a legal entity which cannot be sued. Zameen.com is merely a brand name which cannot be sued. The legal entity behind zameen.com is Zameen Media (Private) Limited. Instant written statement is being filed by Zameen Media (Private) Limited through Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah, Associate Director (Admin &amp; Project Control) who is well conversant with the facts of the case and is duly authorized in this behalf. 
 
 Preliminary Objection s : 
 
 The Suit of the Plaintiff is not maintainable against the answering defendant as there exists no contractual relationship between the Plaintiff and answering defendant. 
 
 Suit of the Plaintiff is bad on account of misjoinder of parties and the same is not proceedable in its present form. 
 
 That the suit of the plaintiff is bad in law. 
 
 That the suit is not properly valued and no court fee is affixed with the plaint and is therefore liable to be rejected on this score only. 
 
 The plaintiff ha s concealed material facts form this Learned Court to which he was under legal obligation to disclose. 
 
 That plaintiff ha s come to this Learned Court with unclean hands. 
 
 The declaratory suit of the plaintiff is not maintainable for the reason that there exist no pre-existing right the plaintiff vested with. 
 
 The Plaint does not disclose any cause of action against the answering Defendants, therefore, the suit is liable to be dismissed under Order VII Rule 11 CPC. 
 
 PARAWISE REPLY 
 
 The para is correct to the extent that the answering defendant is a marketing company which provides IT and IT enabled digital marketing services to various real estate projects. The answering defendant marketed the projects under instructions of the developer of the project. 
 
 Contents of para No. 2 pertains to record. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof. 
 
 Contents of Para No.3 are correct to the extent of booking of subject unit. Rest of the para is denied being incorrect and concocted. The answering defendant always market the project as per instructions of the developer. Subject unit was available for sale on 30% down payment and it was never offered on 20% down payment to the Plaintiff. 
 
 Contents of para No. 4 pertains to record. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof. The answering defendant collected the amount on behalf of the developer and the same was passed on to the Developer. The answering defendant neither owns the project nor has any authority to issue any allotment letter nor any such promise was ever made by the answering defendant. The contents of para under reply are incorrect and scandalous. 
 
 Contents of Para 5 are not relevant to the answering defendant as the answering defendant neither owns the project nor have any authority to issue any allotment letter nor any such promise was ever made by the answering defendant. 
 
 Contents of Para 6 are not relevant to the answering defendant hence needs no reply. However, the Plaintiff has no cause of action against the answering defendant. 
 
 Contents of para No. 7 are legal. The suit is not properly valued and the same is maintainable in its present form. 
 
 Contents of para No. 8 are legal. However, the suit is not maintainable in its present form. 
 
 
 It is therefore respectfully prayed that the suit filed by the plaintiff may kindly be dismissed with cost . 
 
 
 
 
 Defendant s 
 Zameen Media (Pvt) Ltd 
 
 
 Through 
 
 
 
 Taimur Noor 
 Advocate High Court 
 
 
 AFFIDAVIT 
 
 I, Syed Hasan Ali Shah son of Syed Ghulam Ali Shah , do hereby solemnly affirm and declare on oath that the contents of the above written statement are true and correct and that nothing has been concealed or withheld from this Hon’ble Court. 
 
 
 
 
 Deponent