eeva r
Developers (Pvt) Limited

ZAMEEN OPAL
ADDENDA & CORRIGENDA

(VOLUME-Il)

CONSTRUCTION OF ZAMEEN OPAL PHASE —II
"GREY STRUCTURE @ LABOUR RATE COVERED AREA BASE"

AT
PLot #16 Land Breeze Society, Raiwind Road Lahore.

November 14,2019
Construction of ZAMEEN OPAL PHASE-Il © Labor Rate Contract "Covered Area Base"
(Grey Structure Works OnLy) as per Drawings, Specifications & Contract Documents
Addenda & Corrigenda Nos-Ol
1. SCOPE OF WORK
1.1

Main excavation wilt be done by other party however minor excavation (if required) will be contractor's responsibility. In this
regard the contractor is responsible for the following activities;
•
•
•
•
•
•

Supervision/Survey of excavation activity (being carried out by the other party) as per drawings & specifications
Stock piling of excavated material (required for back filling)
Schedule of excavation activity
Removal of soilfrom the exposed surface of the piles
Bed for lean concrete
Removal and shifting of any surplus soil! earth fillfrom site

1.2

Compacted backfill in foundation and under Floor with approved suitable selected "excavated/sand/Granular" materials up
to any lead and Lift, including breaking clods, dressing, watering, compacting mechanicaljy in layers not exceeding 175 mm in
loose thickness before compaction up to 95% in full depth of the standard proctor dry dtit (SPD), Complete in all respects
as per drawings, specification and instructed by The Engineer

1.3

Installation of steel reinforcement deformed steel bars* conforming to AST
placing, binding etc., including provision of spacers, stiffeners and over-la'. .
works, complete in all respects as per drawings, Specification and instruct
'

1.4

Handling, Installation and Pouring (with concrete Pump) of Fair- . "i orced Cement Concrete in "Footings, Raft,
Retaining Walls, Shear/Core/Lift walls, Columns, Beams, Suspend; ó
. b on grade, Stairs, Parapets, Projections, Lintels,
Window Sills, Counter Slabs, Shelves, U.G.W.T, O.H.W.T, Swi
eptic Tanks, sump pits, Drains, Pads, Manhole etc."
placing, leveling, compacting, finishing, curing & testing etc.
provision and installation offormwork and its removal
complete in all respects as per drawings, specificatio q
i' ed by The Engineer. Installation of Hollow/Solid concrete
block masonry (4", 6" & 8') in walls, laid in cement a
. including scaffolding and its removal, accessories & curing
etc. complete in all respects, as per drawings, spe
o and as directed by Engineer.

1.5

Installation of door frames (G.I/MS/Woo. specifications and as directed by The Engi

1.6

Applying/Spraying anti-termite L,ui.
recommendations, complete in all

1.7

Installation of DPC including 2 coat of bitumen and one layer of polythene sheet l000swg, complete in all respects as per
drawings and approved by The Engineer.

1.8

Installation/Fixing of 9" wide PVC Water Stopper complete in all respects as per drawings and approved by The Engineer.

1.9

Installation of Electrical/Telephone etc. Conduits with rope pulling, Back boxes, D.B back Boxes, fan box,junction box, Sleeves
etc. in stabs/walls/floor complete in all respects as per drawings and approved by The Engineer

. jt uding cleaning, cutting, bending,
. in drawings etc., in any kind of R.C.0
Engineer

ing concrete pouring complete in all respects, as per drawings,

ixed with water for Termite Control Treatment as per manufacturer
,as per drawings, specifications and as directed by The Engineer.

1.10 Installation of Public Health underground/embedded/concealed pipes & Sleeves (water supply, sewerage, Gas, firefighting
etc.) and back boxes of firehouse cabinet etc. in slabs/walls/floor complete in all respects including testing as per drawings
and approved by The Engineer
1.11

Construction of Boundary Wall with main gate columns complete in all respects as per drawings and approved by The
Engineer

Addenda & Corrigenda Nos-Ol
Page 1 of4

-o

1.12

Plaster
1/

thick cement sand plaster in ceiling, complete in all respects as per drawings and specifications
ii. 1/z" thick cement sand wall plaster in internal surfaces (walls, columns etc.), including metal lath, corner beads etc.
complete in all respects as per drawings and specifications
thick cement sand wall plaster external surfaces (walls, columns etc.), including making grooves, metal lath,
iii.
corner beads etc. complete in all respects as per drawings and specifications
1.13 Wet area Water proofing treatment comprising of following
I.

Preparation of Surface

ii. Primer coating
iii. One layer of bituminous membrane torch appUed and fully bonded • 'sace with 10 cm side laps and 15 cm
end laps, complete in all respects as per drawings and approvey 'ij j: -er
1.14 Fabrication and installation of Embedded item "Steel grating fra
approved by The Engineer

plete in all respects as per drawings and

2. CONDITIONS OF CONTRACF
2.1

Contractor shall execute the said works as per drawings, specification, contract documents and instructions by the engineer
in-charge.

2.2

Time for completion of Grey Structure is 540 . "1ays. Total of 40 days for LDA approval included in 540 days target.
II be added in 540 days target.
Each additional day for LDA approval over • .

2.3

The work shall be open for inspection. . - -e of the project.

2.4

Payment of claim; The contra..
client. Delay due to materi.

2.5

The Project may be subjecte: . I 'after the due consent of The Engineer

2.6

Payable covered area is floor areas of suspended stabs

2.7

Openings less than 30 Sft shall not be deducted & openings of double height stabs shall not be paid i.e. Entrance @ first floor
slab and Penthouses @5th Floor etc.

2.8

Projections/Balconies Shall be paid @50%

2.9

Payable area shall be measured from external face of walVcotumns/slab (excluding boundary wall)

Uo be entitled to claim any amount in respect of delay of supply of materials from
'e adjusted Extension of Time (EOT).

2.10 Piles and capping beams area shall not be paid
2.11 All consumable material for permanent works described hereinafter* shall be provided by cUent (at contractor site store).
2.12 Concrete for RCC Frame Structure shall be supplied via transit mixers at site by the Client.
2.13 Pouring of Concrete including concrete pump shall be responsibility of The Contractor
2.14 Contractor shall arrange minimum 80,000 Sft shuttering upon mobiUzation & hold at site till completion of project or as per
instructions of The Engineer in-charge.
2.15 Safety in all respects "including materials, equipment's and manpower etc." shall be responsibility of the contractor
2.16 Water Supply, Electricity Connection, Cable, lighting arrangement, Water Pump and Labor residence, space for steel yard and
space for other material will be arranged at site by the Contractor without any cost.
2.17 U.G.W. Tank, Septic Tanks, Sump Pits shall not be paid separately (adjust in the Rate of Basement9MpTank shall be
measured and paid as per top stab only (Bottom slab shall not be measured)

Addenda & Corrigenda Nos-Ol
Page 2 of 4

2.18 Boundary Wall is included in Covered Area (shall not be measured/paid separately)
2.19 Execution of work in safely and timely manner, that shall include erection and installation of Safety Signage.
2.20 Client shall provide WAPDA Electric supply "subject to availability of connection" and contractor shall pay the monthly bills.
Contractor shall arrange temporary supply at its cost until WAPDA supply.
2.21 Bidder/Contractor shall provide Material analysis (material calculations) of all items of works i.e. Steel reinforcement,
concrete "type wise", Masonry works, Plaster works etc. before signing the contract. And submit monthly reconciliation
report of materials.
2.22 All taxes, duties and other legal levies are on account of the Contractor. For claiming any exemption certificate from
competent authorities to be submitted in advance.
2.23 House Keeping shall be performed on daily basis by the contactor.
2.24 Inspection of any activity shall be performed by The Engineer, who shall accept or reject as per the Obligations contained in
the agreement
2.25 Liquidated Damages will be imposed @ 0.01% each day but not exceeding 10% of Thntract Value.
2.26 Any loss that is incurred due to the negligence of the contractor on accouAt o
the IPC to compensate the losses incurred.

,equipment's shall be deduced from

2.27 Defects liability period from the date of completion 365 days
2.28 Cost of expired concrete shall be back charged to contractor
2.29 Labor Overheads;
i. Social Security (ESSI)
ii. EOBI
iii. PPEs for HSE compliance
iv. Food, Travelling & Accommodatio
v. Group insurance
3. TOOLS, PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT
All tools and equipment's necessary
shall be performed by the contractor.

he

cution of work shall be provided by the contactor, any damage and repair works needed

3.1

Tools, Plants, Equipment along with operating cost (e.g. Gensets, with Skilled operators and on-site Workshop for smooth
operation).

3.2

Concrete pump, Gensets for Plant operation (with Skilled operators and on-site Workshop) shall be provided by the
contractor.

3.3

Formwork (preferably system formwork), Shuttering (Mann ply! Steel plates) and Scaffolding, along with arranging storage
facility.

3.4

Fuel for all Construction Machinery and genset deployed by the Contractor, at its own storage facility, shall be provided by
the Contractor.

3.5

Site Facilities with operation (Site Offices, Labor accommodation, Store & Yard Areas etc.).

3.6

Consumables items including but not limited to nails, wooden battens, lubricants, water pumps, electrodes, cutting discs,
timber and all other consumables other than assets.

4. SUBMITALS
4.1

Site Team Organization Chart

Addenda & Corrigenda Nos-Ol
Page 3 of4

4.2

Mobilization Plan

4.3

Construction Methodology

4.4

Schedule of Constructional Plan including Milestones for construction

4.5

Schedule for Preparation and submission of shop drawings

4.6

Material demands with respect to item of work (4 weeks prior)

4.7

Preparation & Submission of As- buift- Drawings

4.8

Material DeUvery Schedule

4.9

Bar Bending Schedules

4.10 Preparation & submission of Check Request for each activity (Inspection of operations)
4.11 Daily, Weekly & Monthly Progress Reports
4.12 Safety Plan
4.13 Q,AJQC Plan
4.14 Cash Flows
5. MODE OF PAYMENTS
5.1

No activity shall be subjected to any escalation in amount, ,*i'pjroved by The Engineer.

5.2

The Employer shall pay for Works carried out on the
documents) by the Contractor and after verifictio
shall deduct all amounts as per appUcable t
the Obugations.

5.3

The Contractor shall be paid MobiLizatio
Insurance Company acceptable to t
shall be deducted/adjusted from e

5.4

Performance Security will
be signed by the Contra
attested by the payee ban

5.5

Retention money @3% of the IPC submitted value that shall be adjusted after Completion Certificate from The Engineer and
after elapse of Defect LiabiUty Period.

ubmitted (correct/without error comprising all supporting
lient representative within 21 (Twenty-One) working days and
I the deductions on account of work and failure to comply with

@ 22% of the estimated contract value against a Bank Guarantee or
yer in favour of the Client of the same amount. The Mobilization Advance
submitted by the Contractor at @30% of the bilUng amount.

ontract Price and the un-dated cheques on account of Performance Security shall
uthorized representative, whose signature on the cheque must be authenticated and
e submitted by the Contractor to the Client.

6. MATERIALS SUPPUED BY CUENT
*The Employer shall provide the following materials; unless notified by The Engineer; The contractor shall protect and store the
materials in an adequate manner.
Steel Reinforcement, Binding wire, Cement, Sand, Aggregate, Granular, Concrete Blocks, G.I./M.S./ Wooden Door frames,
Grating, Anti-termite chemical, Water reducing admixture, Water proofing admixture, PVC Water Stopper, Water proofing
materials, Polythene sheet, Embedded items, Elec. Conduits, Elec. Back boxes, D.B. Back Boxes, Firehouse cabinet back box,
fan box,junction box, Plumbing & firefighting Pipes with fittings, Sleeves, embedded items.

Addenda & Corrigenda Nos-Ol
Page 4 of 4