IN THE COURT OF MS. SARWAT REHMAN CIVIL JUDGE 1 ST CLASS, RAWALPINDI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Civil Suit No . _______/2024 
 
 Zakir Hussain 
 versus 
 Mall 35 etc . 
 (SUIT FOR SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENT TO SELL NO. 574 DATED 25 SEP 2020, POSSESSION, MEANS PROFIT, COMPENSATION FOR BREACH OF AGREEMENT, DAMAGES, MANDATORY AND PERPETUAL INJUNCTION) 
 Written Statement on behalf of Defenda nt No. 0 1 
 
 The Defendant most respectfully submits as under: 
 
 This written statement is being submitted by the M/s Mall 35 a Partnership Firm (hereinafter, the Defendant Firm ). This written statement is being submitted by the Defendant Firm through Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah who is fully conversant with the facts of the case and has been duly authorized in this behalf. 
 
 Preliminary Objections: 
 
 That the titled suit is bad for misjoinder of parties and is, therefore, liable to be dismissed forthwith. The party impleaded as Defendant No. 0 2 and 03 in the titled case are in fact 2 different legal entities, i.e., Zameen Development (Pvt.) Ltd. and EBCO Construction (Pvt.) Ltd and have nothing do with suit shop/unit mentioned in the suit and nor they are the party to the agreement dated 25-09-2020 . Thus, the titled suit is bad for misjoinder and cannot proceed. 
 
 That at the very outset, it is submitted that the instant Suit is without jurisdiction, absolutely misconceived, devoid of merits, has been filed with mala fide and in bad faith, without any cogent basis, based on extraneous considerations and against express provisions of law and settled dicta laid down by the superior courts, thus, merits dismissal at its inception. The Plaintiff has no cause of action against the Defendant, has failed to properly value the instant s uit and has not deposit ed the proper court fee; thus, the instant Suit is liable to be rejected in terms of Order VII , Rule 11 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ CPC ”). 
 
 That in addition, it is pertinent to highlight that apparently the titled suit is a classic example of frivolous litigation and has been filed by the Plaintiff without any basis merely to avoid his contractual liabili ties under the Agreement to Sell dated 25 -0 9 -2020 (the ‘ Agreement ’). Thus, the titled suit is liable to be rejected with exemplary costs. 
 
 Preliminary Submissions: 
 
 That the titled suit is merely an attempt of the Plaintiff to deceive this learned Court and abuse the process of law by disguising his own failure to fulfill the contractual obligations arising out of the Agreement , whereby the Plaintiff agreed to purchase a Unit/Shop No. LG-02 measuring 354 sq. ft. against a total sale consideration of PKR. 15 , 222, 000/- ( Fifteen m illion two hundred and twenty-two thousand rupees only ) ( hereinafter, the ‘ Purchase Price ’). 
 
 That under Clause 3.3 of the Agreement , the Applicant was under an obligation to pay the adjusted price in case of any price escalation. Clause 3.3 of the Agreement reads as under: 
 
 “ 3. PAYMENT 
 3.3 The purchase price of the purchased Unit shall remain fixed under this Agreement. However, the Purchase Price may be adjusted if, between the date of singing of this Agreement and the Completion Date, there is an increase in the price of Component Material, as per the price indices published by the Pakistan Bureau of Statistics insofar as applicable, or if there is an increase in applicable Taxes or levy of any new Taxes. In this event, the Developer will make every reasonable effort for the Purchase Price to remain unaffected and ensure that any impact on the remaining Purchase Price is adjusted in a fair and reasonable manner (“Adjusted Amount”). 
 
 The above clause is self-explanatory and clearly shows that the titled suit has been filed by the Plaintiff without any basis, merely to avoid his contractual liabilities under the Agreement. The titled suit is liable to be dismissed with exemplary costs on this score alone. 
 
 On Merits: 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (1) pertains to record hence need s no reply. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (2) is admitted to the extent of the Defendant Firm (i.e., Defendant No. 1) is reg istered partnership . Rest of the paragraph is denied being false and misleading. The Defendant Firm is the sole developer of the Project i.e., Mall 35 (the “ Project ”) and any other entity or individual has no share in its ownership. The titled suit is defective on account on misjoinder of parties and is therefore, not proceedable . 
 
 The corresponding para graph No. (3 ) is denied being false and misleading. The Defendant Firm is the sole developer of the Project i.e., Mall 35 (the “ Project ”) and any other entity or individual has no share in its ownership. The titled suit is defective on account on misjoinder of parties and is therefore, not proceedable . 
 
 The c orresponding para graph No. ( 4 ) is admitted . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (5 ) pertains to record. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. ( 6 ) is admitted to the extent of execution of the Agreement. However, it is clarified that as per the Agreement, the ‘Estimated Completion Date’ is the one which is conveyed by the Defendant Firm. The said date is subject to changes on account of different factors. 
 
 Th e corresponding paragraph No. (7 ) is denied being misleading and incorrect. No copies of receipts are annexed wi th the plaint as Annexure B/1 and B/2 . Moreover, the Plaintiff has not paid all the amounts due against him. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof of what is stated in the corresponding paragraph. 
 
 Th e corresponding paragraph No. (8 ) is denied being misleading and incorrect. The ‘Completion Date’ of the Project had to be changed due to unavoidable circumstances and this fact was duly conveyed to the Plaintiff. The Defendant Firm has not committed any default. 
 
 Th e corresponding paragraph No. (9 ) is not denied to the extent of issuance of Price Escalation Notice dated 3 0- 0 1-2023 (hereinafter, as the “ Notice ” ) by the Defendant Firm , in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. Rest of the paragraph is denied being misleading and irrelevant . Due to excessive price hike s of the main component s used in construction, the Defendant Firm was compelled to escalate the prices in accordance with Clause 3 of the Agreement. The Defendant Firm rightly served the Demand Notice dated 3 0- 0 1 -2023 in accordance with the terms of the Agreement for all the right reasons, and demand ed the adjusted amount , as per the terms of the Agreement . The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. ( 10 ) is denied being false. The Defendant Firm has intimated the Plaintiff about the change in estimated completion date through issuance of newsletters. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. ( 11 ) is denied being false. The Defendant Firm has intimated the Plaintiff about the change in estimated completion date through issuance of newsletters. The Defendant Firm has not defaulted in his obligations. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (12 ) is vehemently denied being false, concocted and incorrect. The Defendant Firm rightly issued the Notice in accordance with the Agreement and the details of Pakistan Bureau of Statistic are attached with the Notice. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (13) is denied being false, misleading and devoid of merits. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (14 ) is denied being false, misleading and devoid of merits. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (1 5 ) is denied being false, misleading and devoid of merits. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof of his averments regarding mental torture and mental anguish . The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (16 ) is admitted to the extent of Plaintiff’s default i.e., non-payment of all due amounts . Rest of the paragraph is denied . It may kindly noted that there is a handsome amount of money outstanding against the Plaintiff under the Agreement i.e., more than Rs. _____________. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (17 ) is denied being misleading and devoid of merits. The Plaintiff’s conduct, so far, does not show that he is ready to perform his payment obligations under the Agreement. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (18 ) is denied being misleading and devoid of merits . The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (19 ) is denied being misleading and devoid of merits. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof of the allegations levelled in the correspondin g paragraph. The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (20 ) is denied being false and misleading . The Defendant Firm never received any legal notice from the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof of the allegations levelled in the corresponding paragraph . The contents of the Preliminary Objections and Preliminary Submissions ( above ) are reiterated here. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (21 ) is denied being misleading and devoid of merits. The Plaintiff has no cause of action against the Defendant Firm. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. ( 22 ) pertains to record hence need no reply. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No . (23 ) is denied. As mentioned in the Preliminary Objections ( above ), it may kindly be noted that the Plaintiff has avoided to pay the court fee, i.e. , maximum court fee based on the valuation of suit in the corresponding paragraph. This omission is willful and, therefore, keeping in view the mala fide intention of the Plaintiff, the suit is liable to be dismissed forthwith. 
 
 The corresponding paragraph No. (2 4 ) is denied being misleading. 
 
 
 Wherefore, it is most respectfully prayed that the titled suit may kindly be dismissed with exemplary cost s . 
 
 
 
 Defendant No. 01 
 (Mall 35) 
 
 Through 
 
 
 
 _________________ _____________________ 
 Ahmed Bashir Aziz Ur Rehman Farooqi 
 Advocate High Court Advocate High Court 
 
 Ahmed Bashir &amp; Associates 
 Advocates and Solicitors 
 09, Sughra Tower, F-11/1, Islamabad 
 +92.321.442.0612 
 e mail : bashir@ahmedbashirlaw.com ; url : www.ahmedbashirlaw.com 
 
 Verification 
 Verified on oath at Rawalpin di on this ____ day of April 2025 that all the contents of this written statement are correct to the extent of our knowledge and belief and nothing material has been concealed therein. 
 
 
 
 ______________ 
 Defendant No. 1 
 
 
 
 
 IN THE COURT OF MS. SARWAT REHMAN CIVIL JUDGE 1 ST CLASS, RAWALPINDI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Civil Suit No . _______/2024 
 
 Zakir Hussain 
 versus 
 Mall 35 etc . 
 
 APPLICATION UNDER ORDER 39 RULE 1 AND 2 READ WITH SECTION 151 CPC. 
 
 Reply on behalf of the Defendant No. 01 
 
 PRELIMINARY OBJECTIONS: 
 
 That the contents of the Written Statement may kindly be read as an integral part of this Reply on behalf of the Defendant Firm . 
 
 That it is settled principle of law that there are three essential ingredients for grant of temporary injunction which must co-exist in favour of the party seeking it and in the instant case applicant/ plaintiff must show the prima facie case, balance of convenience in his favour and in case of non-grant of interim relief must prove irreparable loss. Thereafter, the court would require to see as to whether the applicant/plaintiff will suffer more inconvenience by withholding of the injunction as against the respondent/defendant. The court is required to weigh the mischief to either party i.e. to the applicant/plaintiff, if refused, and the respondent/defendant, if allowed, and will grant the injunction only if the balance is in favour of the applicant/plaintiff. Similarly, for getting injunction order, the applicant/plaintiff is bound to prove that in case of refusal of injunction he will suffer irreparable loss or injury. The term “Irreparable loss” does not refer to damage which cannot be physically repaired but to such material injury which cannot be adequately compensated. As the loss is ascertainable in terms of money, therefore, it is not a case of irreparable loss. As such where pecuniary compensation is an adequate relief, injunction will not be granted. Hence, the titled application is liable to be dismissed on this score alone. 
 
 That without prejudice to the above, if the application for grant of temporary injunction is allowed, it would amount to grant of main relief sought in the plaint. It is settled law that such like interim relief of temporary injunction cannot be granted, which amounts to grant of the final relief, or order passed creates altogether a different and new situation. Guidance can be taken from the case reported as “Islamic Republic of Pakistan through Secretary, Establishment division, Islamabad and others Vs Muhammad Zaman Khan and others” (1997 SCMR 1508), wherein it has been held that: “As regards the merits of the case, it may be pointed out that it is well settled proposition of law that the object of passing of an interlocutory order or status quo is to maintain the situation obtaining on the date when the party concerned approaches the Court and not to create a new situation. Another well-settled principle of legal jurisprudence is that generally a Court cannot grant an interlocutory relief of the nature which will amount to allowing the main case without trial/ hearing of the same.” The application under reply is liable to be dismissed on this score also. 
 
 PARAWISE REPLY: 
 
 The contents of Para No.1 need no reply. 
 
 The contents of Para No.2 are vehemently denied being baseless. The Plaintiff has no prima facie case in his favour. The application under reply is liable to be dismissed on this score alone. 
 
 The contents of Para No. 3 are vehemently denied being baseless. The application under reply is liable to be dismissed on this score also. 
 
 The contents of Para No. 4 are vehemently denied being frivolous. Plaintiff’s alleged loss, if at all any, is quantifiable in financial terms. It is trite law that any alleged loss, which is quantifiable in financial terms is not irreparable loss . The application under reply is liable to be dismissed on this score also. 
 
 PRAYER 
 
 Wherefore, it is respectfully prayed that the application under reply may very kindly be dismissed with exemplary costs including the cost of litigation, in the interest of justice. 
 
 
 Defendant No. 01 
 (Mall 35 ) 
 
 Through 
 
 
 
 _________________ _____________________ 
 Ahmed Bashir Aziz Ur Rehman Farooqi 
 Advocate High Court Advocate High Court 
 
 Ahmed Bashir &amp; Associates 
 Advocates and Solicitors 
 09 , Sughra Tower, F-11/1, Islamabad 
 +92.321.442.0612 
 email : bashir@ahmedbashirlaw.com ; url : www.ahmedbashirlaw.com