4 September 2020 
 
 DIRECTOR 
 Exchange Policy Department, 
 Central Directorate, State Bank of Pakistan, 
 I.I. Chundrigar Road, Karachi. 
 
 SUBJECT : Request for registration of Loan Agreement dated 2 5 August 2020 executed by and between Zameen Limited and Zameen Media (Private) Limited with State Bank of Pakistan. 
 
 Dear Sir, 
 
 You are requested to register Loan Agreement dated 25 August 2020 (“ Loan Agreement ”) executed by and between Zameen Media (Private) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan (“ Borrower ”) , and Zameen Limited , a company incorporated unde r the laws of United Kingdom (“ Lender ”) . As per the Loan Agreement, the Lender has advanced a loan to the Borrower in the principal amount of AED 3,600,000 (Emirati Dirham Three Million Six Hundred Thousand) (“ Loan Amount ”) . The Loan Amount shall be remitted to the Borrower’s designated bank account maintained with JS Bank Limited, Plot No. 14-A, Block D-1, Ghalib Road, Gulberg III, Lahore Branch (“ Authorized Dealer ”). 
 
 The following documents are enclosed for the purpose of registration of Loan Agreement in accordance with Para 18(iii) , Part-F, Chapter 19 of the Foreign Exchange Manual (updated up to 14 March 2020) : 
 
 Documents/Information to be submitted by the Borrower 
 
 Sl. No. 
 Document 
 Response 
 
 Loan Agreement dated 25 August 2020 (in original) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure A 
 
 Business profile (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure B 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure C 
 
 Minutes of Board of Directors meeting for availing loan from the Lender (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure D 
 
 List of directors along with their national identity numbers/passport number (certified true copy) and certified true copies of the same 
 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure E /1, E/2 and E/3 . 
 
 Beneficial ownership (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure F 
 
 Final repayment schedule (as per Appendix V-92) (in original) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure G 
 
 Tax registration certificate (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure H 
 Documents/Information to be arranged from the Lender 
 
 Sl. No. 
 Document 
 Response 
 
 Business profile (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure I 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure J 
 
 Minutes of Board of Directors meeting for providing loan to the Borrower (certified true copy) 
 Enclosed herewith as Annexure K 
 
 Tax registration certificate or equivalent (certified true copy) 
 A certified true copy of the Company Tax Return manifesting the Lender’s tax reference number is e nclosed herewith as Annexure L 
 
 You are requested to process and submit this request for registration of the Loan Agreement and remittance of the Loan Amount to the Borrower’s designated bank account maintained with the Authorized Dealer . 
 
 Should you require any further clarification, p lease do not hesitate to contact us. 
 
 Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 ____ _______ ____ __ 
 Imran Ali Khan 
 Director