fl

uullUl 1I II 1IIIIlIIli%11 IllUlili 1I1

AGREEMENT FOR PROVISION OF SECURITY SERVICES
This provision of Security Guards Services ("Agreement") is made effective on this 28th day of
November 2019 by and between:

ZAMEEN DEVELOPMENTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under
the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Atam Road,
Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam
Saleem Akbar, holder of ONtO No.
35202-9099820-4 ("Employer" which
expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-ininterest and permitted assigns).
AND
ASKARI GUARDS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at House No. 76/8, Arif Jan Road, Lahore Cantt,
acting through its duly authorized representative Mr. Jarrar Attique Chohan ("AGL"
which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its
successors-in-interest and permitted assigns).
(The Employer and AGL shall also individually be referred to as "Party" and,
collectively as "Parties")
The parties do hereby recite as follow: Whereas the AGL, is a company formed for the rendering security services to its clientele and
the Employer is desirous to avail the security services of AGL at the Location (defined below);
And Whereas the Employer requires security services in respect to armed security guards
for security duties at offices located at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore;
Punjab, Pakistan ("Location").

NOW, THEREFORE, Employer and the AGL, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms
and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

SECTION 1
CURRENCY OF AGREEMENT

1.1

This Agreement shall continue for one year from the date of signing of this Agreement and
thereafter, unless extended or terminated in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement ("Term").

1.2 Agreement will be revived, revised and renewed in the last month of contract according to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
1.3 Agreement will come into force from the date of signing of this Agreement. Invoice will
commence with effect from the date the first group of Guard's (as defined below) report for
duty.
1.4

Invoice rate as mentioned in clause 4.1 section 4 shall remain effective for one year.

SECTION 2
SCOPE OF SERVICE

2.1 AGL will provide security staff ("Guards") and equipment as under: -

2.2

Category

No

Security
Supervisor
(Ex-Servicemen)
Security Guards
(Ex-Servicemen)
Security Guards
(AGL Trained)
Security Guards
(AGL Trained)

N/A

Armed!
Unarmed
Armed

N/A

Armed
Armed

N/A
01

Armed

Rates
PST)

(Excluding Duty
Hours

Region

Reliever
Days

Rs. 27,500/- (Per N/A
Month)

N/A

N/A

Rs. 25,500/- (Per 12 Hours
Guard, Per Month)
Rs. 22,500/- (Per 12 Hours
Guard, Per Month)
Rs. 22,500/- (Per 12 Hours
Guard, Per Month)

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Lahore,
Punjab

04 days

AGL shall provide replacement Guards for the number of reliever days mentioned in Clause
2.1. The cost of reliever days will be charged to the Employer.

2.3 Four (04) days leave of reliever in a month will also be charged to the Employer.
2.4 Guards will be provided within ten (10) working days from the date of signing of this
Agreement by both parties and deposit of Security.
2.5 Guards will be psychically fit, healthy and medically Cat 'A' and between the ages of 25 to
55 years.
2.6 Guards will hold valid National Identity Cards as well as AGL Identity Card.
2.7

AGL shall provide Pistol / 12 Bore shotgun (Pump Action) to each Guard and metal detectors
where required, in working condition free of cost.

2.8 AGL will provide ten (10) rounds on each weapon.
2.9 On a written report from Employer, any unsuitable Guard will be replaced within 3 days by
AGL.

2.10 AGL shall be responsible to provide suitable replacement, no later than an hour, for any
Guard who becomes absent due to emergency, ailment or any other reason.
2.11 Guards provided by AGL will execute and perform duties for the Employer as per AGL's
SOPs.
2.12 Employer shall ensure payment of wages to AGL as per Clause 4 of this Agreement. AGL
shall pay the monthly wages to the Guards as per Clause 4.1 of this Agreement.
2.13 Guards will be positioned designated spots within the Location (if required, marked on
sketch and attached to the Agreement) indicated/mutually agreed by Employer and AGL.
2.14 SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) and security instructions for deployment of Guards
will be provided by installation in-charge and all Guards will abide by these SOPs (Standard
Operating Procedure) /instructions of AGL fully.
2.15 Guards will be directly under the control of Employer when have been deployed at the
Location as per the Employers' requirements. The Guards must comply with all policies and
instructions, written or oral, communicated by the Employer from time to time.
2.16 Employer will extend facilitation in terms of street security and provide umbrella, chair(s),
register and water cooler (subject to availability) for Guards to perform duties outside the
Location would contribute to high performance of Guards.

SECTION 3
SERVICE AND TERMINITION

3.1

Each Guard will perform duty on an average of 12 hours per day.

3.2

For provision of extra Guards, Employer will provide seven (07) days prior notice.

3.3 Employer has the right to demand additional Guards, if required, on same terms and
conditions and AGL shall be obliged to provide additional Guards in the time requested by
the Employer.
3.4

The Employer reserves the right to increase or decrease the number of Guards and the
payment shall be adjusted accordingly.

3.5

Should the AGL decide to discontinue its obligations under the Agreement, it shall do so, by
giving one (01) month prior written notice to the Employer.

3.6 Should the Employer decide to terminate the Agreement during the period it is in force, it
shall do so either by giving one-month advance notice or payment of full month's amount at
Agreement invoice based on last monthly verified invoice, to the AGL.

SECTION 4
COMPENSATION SCHEDULE
4.1 Security services will be provided at a cost per Guard per month (excluding PST) as
appended below:Cateqory

Payment

Security Supervisor Ex-Servicemen (Armed)

Rs 27,500/- (Per Month)

Security Guard Ex-Servicemen (Armed)

Rs. 25,500/- (Per Month)

Security Guard AGL Trained (Armed)

Rs. 22,500/- (Per Month)

4.2 AGL will issue to Employer a consolidated invoice, in compliance with labour laws, by the
first of each month and payment shall be made to AGL within 10-15 days of receipt of AGL
invoice.
4.3 Payment of any other dues, including applicable insurances and employment benefits, will
be paid by AGL to the Guards at no extra cost to Employer.
4.4 Payments made to each Guard per month under Clause 4.1 shall be subject to an annual
increment of an amount mutually decided between the Parties.
4.5

Extra ammunition used by the Employer will be charged from him in the monthly invoice.

4.6 All applicable taxes under the relevant law, including the withholding tax, shall be deducted
by the Employer from the monthly invoices issued by AGL under Clause 4.1.

4.7

In case Employer does not make payments under Clause 4.1 for forty-five (45) days, AGL
shall have the right to remove the guards from the Location without any notice.

4.8 All payments to AGL shall be made through a crossed cheque or pay order/bank draft in
favour of "Askari Guards (Private) Limited"

SECTION 5
INSPECTION AND DISCIPLINE

5.1 Terms and Conditions spelled out in this section will be binding on both the parties i.e.
Employer and AGL.
5.2 Besides AGL, Employer will exercise supervision of Guards and report any misconduct of
Guards to AGL for prompt remedial measures.
5.3 In case of doubts, hold joint inquiries to ascertain and apportion blame and responsibility.
5.4 All inquiries will be joint inquiries to ascertain and apportion blame and responsibility, as
elaborated at Para 5.3.
5.5 AGL shall reimburse and be responsible for any and all claims, actions, proceedings, costs,
expenses, and/or damages instituted against or suffered by the Employer due to the act,
omission and/or negligence of the Guards.
5.6 Guards will remain in AGL uniform (duly approved by Government of Pakistan) while on
duty.
SECTION 6
MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 AGL hereby acknowledge, represents and warrants that:
6.1 .1

AGL will provide telephone and fax number of their office to the Employer.

6.1.2 AGL's license to provide the security services is valid and / or AGL has obtained
validation of all its requisite licenses, authorizations, approvals and consents from
the statutory authorities as required under the applicable laws ("License"), and AGL
shall ensure that the License shall remain valid and in force during the Term and any
renewal thereof hereunder.
6.1.3 AGL has obtained and maintained and shall continue to maintain during the Term of
this Agreement all licenses, authorizations, permits, NOCs and consents required

under applicable laws of the lurisdiction to operate and use the ammunition and
weapons provided to the Guards.
6.1.4 The Guards deployed at the Location have the requisite training, expertise,
experience and licenses to provide the security services under this Agreement and
to use, handle and operate the weapons provided to them by AGL.
6.1.5 AGL shall maintain the complete records of the Guards as per the relevant laws and
share them with the Employer.
6.1.6 AGL shall provide food, accommodation and ensure in time presence of guards as
per assigned shifts/duty hours at the Location.

6.2 Employer warrants that the Employer will provide Medical First Aid to Guards in times of need.
SECTION 7
FORCE MAJEURE
7.1. Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations under this
Agreement to the extent that such failure or delay is caused by a Force Majeure event. A
Force Majeure event means any event beyond a party's reasonable control, which by its
nature could not have been foreseen, or, if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable,
including strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving its own workforce
or a third party's), acts of God, war, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, interference by civil or
military authorities, national or international calamity, armed conflict, malicious damage,
breakdown of plant or machinery, nuclear, chemical or biological contamination, sonic
boom, explosions, collapse of building structures, fires, floods, storms, earthquakes, loss at
sea, epidemics or similar events, natural disasters or extreme adverse weather conditions,
or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
7.2. In the event of Force Majeure, stated in Clause 7.1 above, where the performance of this
Agreement become impractical for either of the two Parties, this Agreement may be
terminated through written mutual consent.

SECTION 8
A RB IT RATION

8.1

In case of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the matter shall
be settled amicably by mutual consent of the Parties. If the dispute has not been resolved
through consultations with in sixty (60) days after one party has served written notice on the
other party requesting the commencement of such consultations, then the disputes shall be
finally settled by arbitration. The dispute shall be referred for arbitration in Lahore a sole
arbitrator if one can be agreed upon or two arbitrators (one to be appointed by each party)
and an umpire (to be appointed by the arbitrators before their entering upon the reference)
in accordance with the Arbitration Act 1940 or any amendment thereto or re-enactment
thereof for the time being in force. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the
parties. The arbitration fee shall be borne by the losing party or as otherwise provided in the
arbitration award.

SECTION 9
INDEMNITY

9.1 If the result of joint investigation proves that the Guard was negligent, committed any offence
or engaged in any activity whatsoever, which is contrary or detrimental to the interests of the

4

Employer; and is contrary to workplace policies and standards of the Employer, the AGL shall
indemnify the Employer against all such actions.
9.2 The Parties shall appoint one representative each to conduct the joint investigations
mentioned in Clause 9.1 above.
SECTION 10
NOTICES
10.1 Any notice under this Agreement shall unless otherwise stated be in writing and delivered
by post or facsimile transmission or in person to each party at the addresses as given below
or at such addresses as notified to the other party in writing.
a.

In Case of Askari Guards (Pvt) Limited
Address:
Telephone No:
Cell No:
E-mail:

House No. 76/8, Arif Jan Road Lahore Cantt
042-36655751/3
0321-8444782
smo2sslhr@askariguards.com

Name of Contact Person: Lt Col (Retd) Jarrar Attique
In Case of (Employer)
Address:

948-1, Pearl One Plaza, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

nen

OO

Telephone No:

.

E-mail:
Name of Focal Person:

33)
cn

i 7e n iA4I2om.

SECTION 11
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
11 .1 The Parties hereby agree that no terms of this Agreement shall be construed as to create
an employer-employee relationship between the Parties and that both the Parties are acting
independently and at their discretion.
SECTION 12
GOVERNING LAW

12.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of
Pakistan. In witness whereof the parties hereto have set their respective hands on the day,
month and year first above written.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood
the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses
SIGNED BY:

ñd on behalf o GL

For and on behalf of Emp
Mariam Akbar Saleem
Zameen Developments (Pvt)
Limited

Tanzain Shafqat
Zameen Developments
Limited

Jarrar Aftique Chohan
CNIC: 37405-4707709-3

,j

WITNESSES:

Name: A-j f
/3 1/jT
CNlC: (,,,C??jy/,3 _H:
,-'-- lf_j)J7
Date: