SECOND AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This second amendment ("Second Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 8th September,
2021 ("Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 21st July, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring ten thousand three-hundred
and eighty (10380) sq. ft, on 8th floor of the building named and styled as "Mega Tower",
located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this Second Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Second Amendment shall come into force on 16th August, 2025 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years, commencing from
the Effective Date and ending on 15th August, 2027 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Parties agree that the monthly rent of the Demised Premises is hereby increased by
seven-point seven percent (7.7%). Accordingly, the monthly rent payable by the Lessee to
the Lessor for the period commencing 16th August, 2025 and ending on 15th August, 2026
shall be Rs. 921 ,732 (Rupees Nine Hundred Twenty-One Thousand Seven Hundred and
Thirty-Two) per month exclusive of all taxes ("Monthly Rent").

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Second Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

5.

This Second Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this Second Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7.

This Second Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

t'_ .

Page lof 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

N4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Second Amendment, having
fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of
witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director

WITNESSES

OZ4
Name:

ILI

CNIC: f

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:

M7ELL Kl-1rL-jr7

CNIC: 34soL- 3•3:,~-7