IN THE COURT OF SENIOR CIVIL JUDGE , ISLAMABAD (WEST) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Suit No. _ ____________ ____ /202 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Zameen Media (Private) Limited 
 Pearl One, 94-B/I 
 M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg III 
 Lahore 
 Through its duly authorized representative Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah 
 
 … PLAINTIFF 
 VERSUS 
 
 Highland Resorts having its office at 3 rd Floor, Adeel Plaza, A.K. Fazlul Haq R oa d, Blue Area, Islamabad. 
 
 Syed Ali Hasan son of Syed Zahid Hasan having address at House No.23 Street No.5 Fazaia Housing Scheme , Islamabad . 
 
 … DEFENDANTS S 
 
 SUIT FOR DECLARATION AND RECOVERY OF DAMAGES TO THE TUNE OF RS. 500,000,000 /- 
 
 Respectfully sheweth : 
 
 That the addresses of the parties have been correctly supplied in the heading of the Suit and are sufficient for the purposes of notices and other processes to be issued by this Court. 
 
 That the Plaintiff is a private limited compan y incorporated under the laws of Pakistan. Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah , being its authorized representative on behalf of the Plaintiff , is fully conversant with the facts of the case, and is duly authorized to initiate, file, and pursue the present suit. 
 
 [Copy of the Board Resolution dated 14.07.2025 is attached herewith as Annexure “ A ” ] 
 
 That the Plaintiff is engaged in the business of providing digital solutions , real estate portal and services to real estate developers, including inter alia IT and IT-enabled services and other related services such as branding, ATL and BTL activities (the “ Business ”). The Plaintiff is well known in Pakistan for its quality of service, innovation, and efficiency. 
 
 That an integral part of the Plaintiff s Business consists of operating and maintaining an electronic/online real estate portal under the domain name “ www.zameen.com ” (the “ Website ”), through which the Plaintiff offers and provides numerous services that are part of its Business. In this regard, it is pertinent to note that the Plaintiffs Website was one of the first of its kind in Pakistan. The same has had a significant impact on the real estate market in Pakistan which earlier was a highly conservative market, and primarily operated through offline means. Due to the hard work, persistence, and perseverance of the management of the Plaintiff, the Website has hosted over 51 million property listings, 110 million monthly page-views, and more than 5.9 million subscribed members. Thus, it would not be out of place to point out that the Plaintiff is not only the market leader, but can also be credited with introducing this kind of IT and IT-enabled services at such a grand scale in the country. 
 
 That as a consequence of hard work of over ten years, the Plaintiff is currently the largest Company in this sector in Pakistan. Presently, it operates with thirteen offices ( 13 ) in major cities, with offices in Lahore, Islamabad, Karachi, Rawalpindi, Multan , and Jhelum . It has successfully provided its services in respect of more than three hundred (300) real estate projects since 2018 . 
 
 That the Defendant s are real estate developer s who undertake real estate development projects . For the purposes of titled Suit, it is submitted that the Defendants w ere undertaking a real estate project named and styled as ‘ Highland Resorts ’ inter alia comprising of fully furnished service apartments , cottages, villas and apartments located at Pir Sohawa Road, Mouza Kotla, Tehsil Khanpur District Haripur, KPK (the “ Project ”). 
 
 That the brief facts in relation to the instant Suit are that the Defendants approached the Plaintiff for providing digital solutions, real estate portal and services to real estate developers, including inter alia IT and IT-enabled services and other related services such as branding, ATL and BTL activities in r espect of the Project being undertaken by the Defendants . In this regard, the Plaintiff and the Defendants , entered into a Project Promotion Agreement dated 14-06-2017 (the “Contact 1” ) and 12-07-2019 (the “Contract 2 ” ) (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “ Contract s ”), for providing services for the Defendant s ’ Project. In furtherance of the Contracts the Plaintiff was granted the marketing and promotional rights of the project by the Defendants . 
 
 [Copy of the Contracts dated 14.06.2017 &amp; 12.07.2019 are attached herewith as Annexure “B ad B/1 ” ] 
 
 That Plaintiff, in order to fulfil its obligations under the Contracts , successfully provided IT and IT-enabled services that facilitated the digital marketing and outreach of the units/apartments/shops (the “ Unit ( s ) ”) in the Project . It is pointed out that the Defendants ha ve never disputed the delivery or quality of services provided by the Plaintiff in relation to the Project. The Defendants benefited from these IT-enabled promotional services and w ere solely responsible for the sale of the Units . 
 
 That under the Contracts , the Defendants (defined as Customer in the Contracts ) along with other obligations, had agreed to a Schedule of Work with respect to the construction timeline for the Project as Annex ed with the Contracts . It is pertinent to mention here that t he Defendants were obligated to strictly adhere to the agreed construction timeline , however the Defendants , failed to follow the said construction timeline as assured to the Plaintff . That t ill date, the construction of the Project has not been completed by the Defendants . Due to this default, the Plaintiff ’s hard-earned goodwill and reputation as market leaders in IT and IT-enabled services including advertising and marketing ha s been severely damaged . 
 
 That additionally, it is pointed out that the Plaintiff executed the Contracts with the Defendants specifically on account of various representations and warranties made by the Defendants at the time of signing of the Contracts . That under the heading of Defendant ’s representations and warranties in relation to the Project of the Contracts , the Defendants w ere obligated to ensure that all Units in the Project are transferable to the buyer(s) at the time of booking of such Unit . In view of the fact that the construction of the Project has not undertaken and concluded within the stipulated construction timeline, despite having booked significant number of Units , it is evident that the Defendants ha ve clearly failed to meet the said obligation. Further , the Defendants , under the Contracts , w ere obligat ed to ensure timely preparation , execution and submission of the documents and materials, etc. That it is noteworthy to highlight here that the se obligation s ha ve also not been met by the Defendants . That from bare perusal of the Contracts makes obligation of the Defendants clear , however, d espite agreeing to comply with the obligations, the Defendants ha ve clearly failed to meet the same within the stipulated time . 
 
 That in relation to the above failures , the Plaintiff has over the period sent numerous reminders to the Defendants seeking compliance of its obligations under the Contracts but to no avail. I t would also be noteworthy that as a result of the Defendants not paying heed to the concerns raised by the Plaintiff, a legal notice dated 23 rd December 2024 was served upon the Defendants. However, till date neither the Defendants have taken any remedial steps to address the lawful concerns raised by the Plaintiff nor have they responded to the said communications. 
 
 ( Copy of legal notice dated 23.12.2024 is attached herewith as Annexure-C. ) 
 
 That on account of default by the Defendants , the Project has not been completed . It also appears that the Defendants ha ve been misguiding the buyers (the “Buyers” ) of the Units and ha ve misdirected them to approach the Plaintiff for completion of the Project and handing over of their respective Units . Such actions and omissions by the Defendants have caused substantial nuisance and annoyance to the Plaintiff and its business. In this regard, the Plaintiff has contacted the Defendants numerous times for completion of the Project and handing over of the Units to the Buyers, but the Defendants ha ve ignored the se lawful requests. It is reiterated that the Buyers are being misled to believe that the Plaintiff is involved in the operation and management of the Project, whe reas in fact the Plaintiff ha s only provid ed , inter alia , IT and IT-enabled services to the Defendants for the advertisement and promotion of the Project. The Plaintiff ha s no obligation towards the Buyers and is only independent service provider towards the Defendants . 
 
 That it is reiterated that the Plaintiff is the market leader in the IT and IT-enabled services and that the actions and default of the Defendants has resulted in , and continues to aggravate the reputational loss of the Plaintiff . It would also be pertinent to mention that the Defendants action and default under the Contracts are also causing grave damage to the reputation and business of the Defendants as well. 
 
 That in relation to the above, it would not be out of place to mention that the Defendants is liable for any construction, development, etc. in relation to the Project. Further, under the contract it is specifically mentioned that the Plaintiff shall not be liable for Defendant ’s failure or inability to deliver the Project or for failure or inability to deliver the Unit (s) to any B uyers . Since the said obligations were to be performed by the Defendants , which the Defendants have clearly failed to do so, the Plaintiff ’s Business ha s been adversely affected. 
 
 That on account of the Defendant ’s failure to complete the construction of the Project and to hand over the Units to respective Buyers, the B uyers have erroneously started approaching the Plaintiff for the same. That due to the actions and inactions of the Defendants as well as various misrepresentations , the Plaintiff has suffered severe damage and loss to their reputation. Therefore, the Plaintiff seek s general damages on the account of loss of reputation in the amount of Rs. 500,000,000 /- (Rupees Five Hundred Million Only) . 
 
 That the cause of action arose in favour of the Plaintiff and against the Defendants , when the Plaintiff entered into the Contracts with the Defendants ; secondly, when the Defendants failed to perform his obligations under the Contracts ; thirdly, when the Buyer s approached the Plaintiff regarding the completion and handing over of the ir respective U nits. The cause of action is continuous and a recurring one. 
 
 That the cause of action arose in favour of the Plaintiff against the Defendants within the territorial jurisdiction of this Honourable Court and the Defendants also resides and carries on business at Islamabad . Hence this Honourable Court has jurisdiction to adjudicate upon the matter. 
 
 That the value of the suit for the purposes of court fee and jurisdiction is fixed at Rs. 500,000,000 /- ( Rupees Five Hundred Million Only ) . T he leviable court fee shall be affixed as and when determined and ordered by th is hon’ble Court. 
 
 
 PRAYER :- 
 
 In view of the above, it is therefore most respectfully prayed that : 
 
 A d ecree for declaration may kindly be passed declaring that the Plaintiff are independent service providers and are in no way associated with, or are agents or partners of the Defendants , and that the Plaintiff was in no way involved in the operation, construction, supervision or management of the Project ; 
 
 A decree against the Defendants and in favour of the Plaintiff for award of General Damages to the tune of Rs. 500,000,000 /- (Rupees Five Hundred Million Only) on account of loss of reputation and good will ; 
 
 
 Any other relief not specifically prayed for but deem fit and appropriate by this Honourable Court under the peculiar circumstances of th e instant case may also be granted. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Plaintiff 
 Zameen Media ( Pvt. ) Ltd. 
 Through Syed Hasan Ali Shah 
 
 Through 
 
 
 
 _________________ ______________________ 
 Ahmed Bashir Aziz Ur Rehman Farooqi 
 Advocate High Court Advocate High Court 
 Ahmed Bashir &amp; Associates 
 Advocates and Solicitors 
 09 , Sughra Tower, F-11/1, Islamabad 
 +92 . 32 1. 4420612 
 email : bashir@ahmedbashirlaw.com url : www.ahmedbashirlaw.com 
 
 Verification: 
 Verified on oath at Islamabad on this17th day of July 2025 that all the contents of para No. 1 to 15 of this plaint are correct to the best of my knowledge and information provided and para No. 16 to 18 are correct to the extent of my belief and nothing material has been concealed therein. 
 
 
 
 
 _________________ 
 On behalf of Plaintiff 
 
 Note: 
 As per the information provided by the client this is first suit being filed on the subject matter and no other suit is pending or decided by any court of law. 
 
 
 
 ________ 
 Counsel