THIRD AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Mr. Khalil Ahmad through its attorney Mr. Tayyab Azam ("Lessor") and Zameen Media
(Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This third amendment ("Third Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 4th June 2021 further
amended through First Amendment dated 17th May 2023 and Second Amendment dated 30th May
2024 (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore
on this 27th May, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and the
Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, entire second floor of the Building namely "Arwa
Heights" located at Plot No. 19, Commercial Sector E, Nishtar Block, Bahria Town, Lahore
("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Agreement as per the terms
and conditions of this Third Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Third Amendment shall come into force on 1st July, 2025 ("Effective Date")

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to further
extend the term of the Agreement for a period of one (1) year commencing from the
Effective Date and ending on 30th June, 2026 ("Extended Term").

3.

The Parties agree that, from the Effective Date the Monthly Rent of the Demised Premises
will be increased by ten percent (10%). Accordingly, the rent payable by the Lessee to the
Lessor from the Effective Date shall be Rs. 119,790 (Rupees One Hundred Nineteen
Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety) per month inclusive of all applicable taxes and
parking charges ("Monthly Rent").

4.

This Third Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement.

5.

All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Third Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning
in this Third Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7

This Third Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same amendment.

Lessor's Initials:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Third Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Mr. Tayyab Azam
CNIC: 35202-3716377-7

For and on behalf of LesseMs. Mariam Saleem Akbar
Designation: Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:

Name:

CNlC:

CNIC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

46c?- z3s2 -7