NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER
E-STAM P

estampung
P. PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE

'.'CR*MT!O'd 'ECM',OLOC., IUflD

IIIIIIIIIIl1I1NlIIIIIIII
ID:

PB-LHR-51F02BF9708B602A

Type

Low Denomination

Amount:

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)
Deficription:
Applicant:
Zameen Platinum Private Limited through Mariam Saleem Akbar [35202-9099820-4]
W/):

Jehanzeb Amjad

Agent:

Waseem Raja [35202-5960651-51

Address :

Lahore

lsste Date:
Delisted On/Validity:

25-Sep-2023 12:40:37 PM

AmDunt in Words:
Reason:
Verdor Information:

2-Oct-2023
One Hundred Rupees Only
Lease Agreement with Ashraf Au Baig Sb Shokat All Baig CNIC No. 352022812148-1
Syed Haseeb Gillani I PB-LHR-1625 I Outside Model Town Courts Ferozpur Road

SHANA SSOQfE&#

'
40-B Shan Ar :ade Barkat Market New Garden Town Lahore

d ''— — ''

-

Type eStamp <16 di9lt eStamp Number> send to 8100

LEASE AGREEMENT
This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made at Lahore on this 2S day of September. 2023
by and between
Ashraf Au Baig S/o Shokat All Baig, holding CNIC No. 35202-2812148-1. resident of
House No. 36. Rehman Park, Gulberg II, Lahore (hereinafter referred to as the
"Landlord" which term shall, wherever the context so permits or requires, means and
includes his successors-in-interest, legal heirs and assigns)
AND
Zameen Platinum (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan,
with its registered office at Ground Floor, Mega Tower, 63-B. Main Boulevard, Gulberg II,
Lahore. through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar (hereinafter
referred to as the "Tenant" which expression shall mean and include its successors-ininterest and permitted assigns).
(The Landlord and Tenant shall, where the context so admits, hereinafter collectively be
referred to as the 'Parties" and individually as the "Party")
WHEREAS:
(A)

The Landlord is the absolute and lawful owner in possession of the House No. 36,
Rehman Park, Gulberg II, Lahore (the "House"):

(B)

The Tenant, on reliance of the aforementioned representation made by the Landlord,
has agreed to take on lease and the Landlord has agreed to let the entire House
measuring 14 Marlas, comprising of two storeys along with amenities and utilities
attached thereto, (the "Demised Premises"), on rental basis, upon terms and
conditions sta
hereunder.

Landlord's initials

Page 1 of 5j
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initials

Now THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed between the Parties as under:
1.

SCOPE

1 .1

The Demised Premises consisting of two storeys will be let on rental basis by the Landlord
to be used by the Tenant for residential purpose.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of two (2) years, commencing on 1St October,
2023 (the "Effective Date") ending on 30 September, 2025 or on such other date as may
be agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

MONTHLY & ADVANCE RENT

3.1

The Tenant shall pay to the Landlord a monthly rent of Rs. 130.000 (Rupees One Hundred
Thirty Thousand) exclusive of tax (the "Monthly Rent") for the Demised Premises which
shall be payable in advance on or before lOu' day of each month.

3.2

Upon the signing of this Agreement, the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord Monthly Rent for
three (3) months i.e. for the period commencing from 1st October, 2023 and ending on 315t
December, 2023 as advance amounting to a total of Rs. 390,000 (Rupees Three Hundred
Ninety Thousand) (the "Advance Rent"). The Advance Rent is hereby paid by the Tenant
to the Landlord which is hereby duly acknowledged by the Landlord.

3.3

The Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Tenant through a bank instrument or cheque in
favour of the Landlord, the receipt whereof shall be acknowledged in writing by the
Landlord.

3.4

The Monthly Rent shall be subject to Eight-point Thirty Three percent (8.33%) rental
increment after every year.

3.5

The Landlord shall pay the property tax related to Demised Premises or any other
applicable tax or fee relating to the property ownership as and when due during the Term.

4.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

4.1

Upon the signing of this Agreement. the Tenant shall deposit with the Landlord a sum of
Rs. 300,000 (Rupees Three Hundred Thousand) as security (the "Security Deposit)
which shall be refunded to the Tenant upon expiry or termination of this Agreement. The
Landlord hereby duly acknowledge the receipt of the Security Deposit.

4.2

The Security Deposit shall not be adjusted against the Monthly Rent. Any deduction from
Security Deposit shall be notified to the Tenant in writing and strictly limited and exclusively
in relation to outstanding utility bills, and damage to the Demised Premises (other than
regular wear and tear) during the Term.

5.

LANDLORD'S OBLIGATIONS

5.1

The Landlord shall handover the vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the
Tenant on 1st October, 2023 (the "Possession Date") together with its keys which shall
be occupied by the Tenant during the Term as per the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

5.2

The Landlord shall provide three (3) electricity meters (one three phase and two single
phase meters), two (2) SNGPL meters and One (1) WASA meter for the use of the Tenant
during the Term.

5.3

The Landlord shall ensure that the Tenant enjoys quiet and peaceful possession of the
Demised Premises during the Term, without any disturbance or interruption.

Landlord's initials

Page2of5

—1

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initials

5.4

The Landlord shall maintain and repair the Demised Premises during the Term and
whenever maintenance work is required at the Demised Premises the Landlord shall notify
the Tenant of such work at least three (3) days in advance.

5.5

The Landlord or Landlord's representative shall only be able to access the Demised
Premises with the prior permission of the Tenant and in the presence or supervision of the
Tenant or its representative(s).

6.

TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS

6.1

The Tenant shall use the Demised Premises for the residential purposes only.

6.2

The Tenant shall be responsible to pay all charges for water, sewerage, electricity, gas,
telephone and telecommunication, cable television, back-up generator etc. ('Utility
Charges") as per use and billing during the Term.

7.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE LANDLORD

7.1

The Landlord hereby represent and warrant that:
i. At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Demised Premises is free from any
defect of title, lien, charge, or any encumbrance of whatsoever nature, and that the
Demised Premises shall remain unencumbered throughout the Term, and any
subsequent renewal of the same;
ii. The Demised Premises shall be free from all sorts of defects and the Tenant shall
have access to all basic facilities and utilities throughout the Term;
iii. The Landlord is the absolute and lawful owner of the Demised Premises and has
the full legal right and capacity to lease the Demised Premises;
iv. The Landlord is in complete compliance with and have obtained and maintained all
NOCs, including approved map, house completion certificate and is in complete
compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of provincial, state or local laws of
the jurisdiction such that any failure of compliance will not have an adverse effect on
the Landlord's ability to enter, execute, deliver or consummate this Agreement;
v. The Landlord, during the Term, shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations of the jurisdiction; and
vi. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Tenant shall have all the rights available
to a tenant under the laws of the jurisdiction, including but not limited to right of
access, approach, movement into and from the Demised Premises (including any
common or shared areas) without hindrance.

7.2

No representation or warranty by the Landlord made under this Agreement, nor any
statement or certificates, permits and documents furnished or to be furnished by the
Landlord pursuant to this Agreement, contain or shall contain any false, incomplete,
untruthful or inaccurate statement of material facts.

8.

REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES BY THE TENANT

8.1

The Tenant undertakes and covenants that:
i. The Tenant shall keep the Demised Premises in clean and good tenable condition
during the Term;
ii. The Tenant will use and occupy the Demised Premises for residential purposes only.
The Tenant shall not use the Demised Premises for any activities prohibited by law;
and
iii. The Tenant shall not sub-let the Demised Premises to any third party without the
prior written consent of the Landlord.

Landlord's initials
Page 3 of 5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initiaI

9.

TERMINATION

9.1

The Parties may terminate this Agreement by giving at least one (1) month prior written
notice to the other Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of such
notice period.

9.2

In the event that any Party is in material breach of the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, then the other Party ('Affected Party'), by giving at least five (5) days written
notice to the Party in breach. to cure of such material breach within aforementioned five
(5) days. If the breach continues beyond this notice period or is irreversible, the Affected
Party may terminate this Agreement without further notice.

9.3

Upon termination of this Agreement under Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, the Tenant shall hand
over peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Landlord upon a
refund of the Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any) and the Security Deposit
after deductions and adjustments made in accordance with this Agreement.

10.

FORCE MAJEURE

10.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government lockdown,
or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which renders the
performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part, for a period of
time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

11.

INDEMNITY

11.1

The Landlord hereby agrees to defend. indemnify and hold harmless the Tenant against
all third party claims, losses, damages. adverse claims, proceedings, charges, penalties.
fines, etc. resulting from or arising out of any breach of the Landlord's obligations under
this Agreement, including but not limited to any of his representations. warranty or
covenant stated herein not being true, correct, complete or complied with and/or arising
out of or in relation to any action, error, omission or negligence of the Landlord.

12.

GENERAL.

12.1

This Agreement This Agreement is executed pursuant to. and shall be construed under
and governed exclusively by, the substantive and procedural laws of Pakistan.

12.2 This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No amendment
or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless set forth in writing
and executed by both the Parties.
12.3 The provisions of the Agreement are severable and if one or more provisions are found to
be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or part, the remaining provisions, to the extent
enforceable, shall be binding and enforceable.
12.4

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall be
deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party as the
agent of the other for any purpose.

12.5 All notices, requests, communications required under the Agreement shall be delivered
via email or registered post. Emails shall be deemed to have been delivered after twentyfour (24) hours of being sent. Written notices shall be deemed to have been delivered after
three (03) working days of being posted, provided such notices were sent via a reputable
courier company. The contact details of the Landlord and Tenant representatives for the
purpose of notices shall be as follows:
Landlord

Attention of:
Address:

Ash raf All Baig

House No. 36, Rehman Park,
Gulberg II, Lahore

Landlord's initials

Page 4 of 5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initials

Tenant

Attention of:
Address:

Zameen Platinum (Pvt) Limited
Legal Department
Ground Floor, Mega Tower, 63-B,
Main Boulevard, Gulberg II. Lahore.

12.6 No failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise or waiver of any right or remedy preclude
its further exercise or the exercise of any other right or remedy, whether of a similar or
different nature.
12.7 This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same.
IN WITNESSS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day, month
and year mentioned above.

For and on behalf of LANDLORD

AshrafAli Baig
CNIC: 35202-2812148-1

For and on behalf of TENANT

Mariam Saleem Akbar
CNIC: 35202-9099820-4

WITNESSES
(1)

Name: i'2.
C N IC:

(
Tenant's initials

Page 5 of 5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY