II I I IIIIII IIllIll/ 1111 /Ill I I I 11111111111 II Ill III

E-STAMP
0192-17256902

Agent
Stamp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: CONTRACT - 22A(a)(i)
: Habib Ur Rehman [37203-3893754-7]
: Farhan Shahid [36302-7224706-1]
: Arham Khaliq [32304-5321572-1]
: Habib Ur Rehman [37203-3893754-7]
: 24-May-2022, 09:20:40 AM
: 202294823356BF69

Amount in Words

: One Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

Description
First Party
Second Party

-··-···- - ·- ·- --- - ---------------------------·· ------·---·----------

Please Write Below This l ine

- - - - - - - - - - - - - · - · - ······---·····- ····· - ----- ----- -------

CONDITIONAL SALE OF LAND
AGREEMENT
TI-llS CONDITIONAL SALE O F LAND AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement" is made on
·this ..3 .. Day of

Nov

, 2022 at Muitan.

BE TWEEN

T he Defence Ho using Au thority, Lahore - Multa n C hapter , <.;stablished under DBA Lahore Order 2002,
having its principal office at l Multan Public School Road, Multan, hereinafter referred to as "DIIAM" which
expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authorized

rcpresentati vel executors, sub-

contractors, agents t!u·ough its Proj ect Secretary which constitutes the First P a rty;

AND

M/s ZSS Dcvclop~rs having its principal offi<:c at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alum Road, Gulberg III, Lahor~:
r~gi stcred under the Partnership Act, 1932 having Form-C No. 5 142 dated 19-05-2022 NTN 9603050 hereinafter

rcic rred to a:; the "llUILDER " which expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authori zed

representat ive/executors, sub-contractors, agents through its duly

authorizeJ rcprcscntati~l,~lln:ii'lhan Al i

L::J .... L::J

~ rl',j•• 1•.-"PJ

Bukhuri which constitutes the Second }">~~rty.

l~i~-=~i~

The DHAM and the B UIL DE R shall ind ~vidually be referred to as "PARTY" and shall collecttvd)~ ~e rcfcrrct!
Page I orr,

to as "PARTIES"
WHEREAS, DHAM is an authority engaged in the developm ent of housin g projects and related

schemes aimed at the welfare of Army personnel and fa milies ofshuhadas and is an absolute
and lawful Owner of I Acre of Land bearing Plot No. CD-04 (hereinafter referred to as "Land")
situated at Sector D, DHA Multan, (marked on map attached as Annexure-l) which is free from
all sorts of liens I encumbrances.
WHERAS, DHAM aims and intends for th e sale of Land as per the prov isions of law, specifically

for the purpose of construction, development, marketing and sale of mixed utility commercia l
cum residential plaza as descr ibed in Clau se 9 (I) (herei nafter referred to as "P ROJECT") 1\ND
WHEREAS, the BUILDER represents itself as an entity which deals in the business of construction

and development and has agreed to purchase the Land so lely fo r the purpose of construction and
development of the PROJ ECT. The BUILDER has proposed to construct Mix Uti lity Plaza at
Sector D. fn this regard, the BUILDER has ensured DIIAM that it has all the requis ite sk ills,
expertise, manpower, infrastructure and necessary fi nancial resources to fu lly perform al l the tasks
in accordance with the provis ions of this Agreement in a timely, professional and diligent manner.
AN D
WHEREAS, DHAM has agreed to conditional ly sell and the BUILDER has agreed to

cond itionally purchase the Land owned by DHAM for the specific purpose of utilizing the same
for the construction and development of Mix Util ity Plaza at Sector D includ ing all the faci lities
as described in clause 9 (I ) in accord ance with the terms and conditions spcc iti ed hereu nder in this
Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual promises and agreement of the parties

expressed herein, the PART IES agree to th e conditional sale of designated piece of Land as per
the following term s:
1.

THE PROJECT:

The PROJECT under this Agreement shall mean and include construction, development,
marketing and sale of Mix Utility Commercial and residential Plaza at Sector D by the BUILDER
including all the fac ilities described in clause 9 (I ) in accordance with the terms and conditions
specified in the Agreement on the Land owned by DHAM and to be so ld to BUILDER for the
speci fic purpose of uti lizing the same for the PROJ ECT.
2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT:

DI JA M has agreed to sell and the BU ILDER has agreed to purchase the Land, exclusively owned
by the DHAM, which is free from all encum brances, fo r the so le and exclusive purpose of
construction, development, marketing and sale of the PROJECT.
3.

AREA OF LAND:

Total Area to be sold by DHAM to the BUILDER under this Agreement shall be measuring I Acre
(36,000 Square Feet or 4,000 Square Yards) (the Land) in aggregate comprising of one Plot

P.tl!C :?. of I 3

situated at Sector D, DHA Mu ltan (Plot no. C D-04) ma rked on map attached at Ann exure-!)

4.

CONSIDERATION:
4.1

BUILDER has agreed to purchase the Land at the rate o f R s. 405 ,000,0001- per
Acre wh ich shall be inclusive o f Develo pment Charges.

4.2

At the time of sign in g o f thi s Agreement, the Bui lder has paid to D HAM, an
amount o fRs. 20,250,000 (Rupees twe nty mi llion two hund red and fi fty thousand)
as down payment for the purchase of the Land (" Down Payment") v ide pay order
No. 14396583, dated 27th May 2022, drawn on A ll ied Aitebar Islam ic Bank ing
Bosan R oad Multan a nd pay o rder No. 0 I 050954, dated 30 May 2022, drawn on
JS Bank Limited, in favor of DHAM . A copy of the pay orders for Down Payment
is attached herewith as Annexure lll , receipt w hereof is du ly acknowledged by
DHAM. Total Price I Sale Consideration of the Land at the rates mentioned at
clause 4.1 shall be R s. 405,000,0001- (Fou r Hundred Five M illio n O nl y). If, at
the time of Possess ion of P lot, area o f Plot inc reases or decreases, the fi nal amou nt
sha ll be adjusted accordingly on the bas is of the rate per acre specified in clause
4. 1 before fi na l payment.

4.3

Membershi p fcc o f Rs. 192,5101- and Possess ion C harges o f" Rs. 50,000 has also
been paid by the BU ILD ER to DI lAM vide pay order No. 0 I 050982 dated 4th Jul y
2022, draw n on JS Bank Limited, bra nch G u lberg Lahore-9 123 along with the
D own-payme nt, as per DH A Bye-laws. A copy of the pay order for payments
under this clause is attac hed herewith as Annexure III, receipt w hereof is du ly
acknowledged by DH AM. Map I drawi ng a pproval charges a nd other related
c harges shall be separately a pp licable as per D HA Bye-laws.

5.

PAYMENT SCHEDULE:

The BUILDER shall be under obligation to pay the ba la nce sa le consideration for the Land to
DliAM as pe r the payment schedu le attached at Ann ex ure-B .

6.

TAXATION

The BUILDER s ha ll also be unde r obligation to pay a ll applicab le taxes fo r the purchase of the
said Land including S ta1~p Duty and Adva nce Income T ax under the prov is ions of the Income Tax
Ord inance 200 I and partic ularly under Section 236- K.

7.

TIME PERIOD FOR COMPLETION OF PROJECT :

The Builder shall be under obligation to comp lete the construction of the Project within Four years
(48 Months) from the date of grant of approva ls of Detailed Project Plan by DHAM. In the event,
the BUILD ER is unable to complete construction within the sti pulated time period for any reason
whatsoever, a grace peri od of six (6) mo nths may be granted so lely upon the di scret ion ofDHAM.

i>ag.c 3 of" IS

8.

HANDING OVER POSSESSION OF LAND:

Within seven (7) days of BU ILDER making the down payment as me ntioned in Payment Schedule
(A nnexure-H), DHAM shall issue to the BUILDER the Allocation Letter of the said Land and
simu ltaneously issue Site Plan. On ly after payi ng 20% of the total land price referred to in clause
4.2 with in time period stipulated in Payment Schedule (Annexurc- 11) and approval of Detailed
Project Plan from DHAM as referred to in clause 9 (d) (ii), DHAM shall hand over the vacant
possession of the Land to the BUILDER. The BUILDER shall then be entitled, to install its
machinery, depute workers, p lace construction materials, etc. to start the construction and
development of the Project. The Parties agree that the BU ILDER' s possess ion of the Land shall
be subject to the successful payment of entire Land price as per Payment Schedule (Annexure U)
and completion of the Project as per clause 7, and any wi llful default on the part of BUILDER
shall entitle DHAM to commence proceedings fo r terminati on of this Agreement at its sole
discretion and immediately repossess the Project site .

9.

OBLIGATIONS OF THE BUILDER:

Under this Agreement, the BUILDER sha ll be under absolute obli gati on to fulfil the fol lowing
tasks:

a.

Obligation Regarding Ouality of Material and Conditional Use ofLapd:
i.

The BU ILDER, after taking possession of the Land, sha ll utilize the same solely for
the purpose of construction of the Project w ithout comprom ising on the quality of
materials. DHAM or an y representative o f DHAM w ithout any prior notice shall have
the right to inspect the quality of the material used by the BU ILDER at any time and
B UILDER shall fu lly cooperate in th is regard. If it is found that defective or substandard material is being used by BUILDER, the same shall be intimated to the
BU ILDER through written notice by DHAM and the BUILDER shall be bound to
remedy the same w ith in sixty (60) days. Upon failure of BU ILDER, DHAM shall
have the right to terminate the Agreement.

ii.

b.

The BU ILDER shall not utilize the Land for any other purpose than the PROJECT.

Oblieation of Timely Comvletion of Project
BU ILDER shall be bound to complete the construction of Project w ithin the tim e frame
mentioned under c la use 7, fai ling w hich penalty as mentioned in clause 19 shall be
imposed on the BUILDER.

c.

Obligation of Timely J>ayment:
T he BU ILDE R shall be under obligation to make payments to DHAM strictly as pe r the
payment schedu le (Annexure II) mentioned under c lause 5 of this Agreement, fa iling
which DHAM shal l reserve the right to terminate the Agreement und er the term s of clause
16. 1 (g) below and recover possessio n of the entire Land from the 8 U I LD ER.

d.

Obligations Regarding Construction of J>mjcct
i.

T he BU ILDER shall be under ob ligation to compl ete the construction of Project as

P.u.c -1 pf l::;

per the provisions of this Agreement.
ii

The BUILDER shall submit to DIIJ\M a detailed Project Plan along with complete
drawings, maps and progress schedule within four (4) months from the date of
Issuance of Site Plan by DHAM in the manner as prescribed by the DHAM which
shall be subject to the approval/amendments of DHAM, however, The Builder shall
submit conceptual draft of Master I Project Plan prior to submission of detailed Project
Plan. DHAM shall be under obligation to approve I suggest amendment with in four
(4) weeks from date of such submiss ion by BUILD ER. Only after obtaining approva l
for the detailed Project Plan, the BU ILDER sha ll be at liberty to in itiate the
construction and development of the Project. In case of fai lure of the Builder to submit
the above mentioned detailed Project Plan within four (4) months from the date of
Issuance of Site Plan by DHJ\M, penalty as mentioned in clause 19 shall be imposed
on the BUILD ER. The BUILD ER shall also not create any th ird party right /lien I
encumbrance over the Land I Project except with prior approval of DHAM and in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

iii.

Construction, Designing and Supervision of construction of the Project shall be the
sole responsibility of the BUILDER which shall be in consonance with the DHA
Multan 's prevalent bye-laws, at the time of approva l of Project plan, and other relevant
laws of Pakistan.

iv.

The BUILDER shall be bound to subm it to DHAM detailed progress report regarding
the Project each Month which shall include but shall not be limited to 3D (if any) I
Project plans, details regarding execution of construction works, description of
construction works, labour employment, local material procurement, import material
if any and all other deta ils which DHAM shall demand I require.

v.

The BUILDER shall make its own arrangements at its own cost and expense regarding
supply of water, power and sanitary faci lities at the Project site and the BUILDER
shall be responsible for the supply, maintenance, repair and operation of all the
services at its O\>Vn cost throughout the construction period. However, infrastructure of
all the utilities not limited to electricity, gas, fiber optic cable etc. but exc luding water
shall be provided by DHAM till node point of Land for uti lities connections.

vi

The BUILDER shall proceed with extreme care and caution with the performance of
its obli gations and in case any damage is done to any prope11y of DHAM (whether
moveab le or immovable) or any other person, BUILDER sha ll, upon determination of
the fault, be responsible for any such damage and it shall be borne by BUILDER.
BUILDER shall indemnify DHAM against any direct loss or claim in this regard, as
determined by DHAM .

vii

The BUILDER shall, at its own cost and under its own responsibility, carryout all
di sposal and dumping of spoils, debris etc. in the manner and at the location approved
by DHAM or the relevant competent authori ty having jurisdiction in this regard .

Page :' ur !3

vii. The BU ILDER shall be fully responsible for all safety, precautionary and security

matters including but not limited to any injuries to employees, labourers, personnel,
persons and property, loss of life, damages or such other matters of detriment
happening as a result of execut ion of construction works and matters related thereto,
and the BU ILDER undertakes to indemni fy DHAM aga inst any and all claims in this
regard . Provided that the Builder's ind emnity under this clause shall be limited to the
valu e of this Agreement.
ix.

In order to prov ide for the safety, health and welfare of employees, labourers,
personnel, persons and property, and for prevention of damage and injury of any kind,
all operations fo r the purposes of, or in relation with the Agreement shall be carried
out in compliance with the safety requirements of the Government of Pak istan
including those of local bodies and authorities, if any, having jurisd iction in this
regard, with such modifications thereto as and when authorized.

x.

Quality Contro l and Quality Assurance of all constructi on works und er the Project
shall be the unsharcd responsibil ity of the BU ILDER, notwithstand ing any
supervision and checking by the DHAM or any other authorized representative of
DHAM. A ll construction works carried out by the BUILDER and all material uti lized
by it and incorporated into the construction and development of the Project shall be
fully compliant with the standard specifications and requirements as are mandatory
under the prevalent laws of Pakistan. No comprom ise in the quality of materials shall
be made by the BUl LDER and DHAM shal l be at li berty to inspect I object the
material s utilized by the BUILDER as also referred in clause 9 (a) (i).

xi

During the execution of th is Agreement, the BU ILDER shall fully co-operate with
other parties (inc luding but not limited to contractors, consultants, etc. engaged by
DHAM) working in the vicin ity of the Land. Th e BU ILDER shall ensure that
necessary I adequate safety precautions arc always observed and interferences are
avo ided in general and speci fi cally for the construction works executed side by side
by di fferent contractors. Due consideration must be given to permit access to sections
of the construction works as required by the contractors for executions of their
respective construction works.

xii

The BUILDER shall regularly pay wages to the labour and emp loyees and shall ensure
that conditions of labour is at no ti me less favorable than the standards estab li shed by
the Government of Pakistan or the competent authority having j urisdiction in this
regard fo r the trade or industry where the work is carried out.

xiii. The BU ILDER shall be under ob ligation to em ploy skil led and professional labour for

the performance and execution of th is Agreement.
xiv. The BUILDER shall at its own cost, liability and arrangement obtain necessary land I

space, provide and maintain in confo rm ity with the prevai ling rules and regulations
such housing accommodation and amenities as it may consider necessary for all its

staff and labour, employed for the purposes of or in connection with the Agreement
including but not limited to all fencin g, electricity supp ly, san itation, cook, houses,
fire prevention, water supply and other requirements in connection with such housing
accommodation or amenities.
xv. The BU ILDER s ha11 further ensure that suitable arrangements are made for the
preven tion of epidemics and provi sions of necessary wei fare and hygiene
requirements for all its staff and labour, employed fo r the construction and
development of the Project. BU ILDER shall have the ob li gation to always adhere to
the instructions of the Government of Pakistan or competent authority having
j urisdiction regarding control of epidemics and the same sha11 be implemented at the
Project site ..
xvi The BUILDER sha11 at all times take a ll respo nsibil ities to prevent any unlawful,
riotou s or disorderly conduct by or amongst its and its sub-contractor's staff and
labour and for preservation of peace and protection of persons and property.
).vii,

Working hours sha11 be observed by the BUILDER as sti pulated in the Labour Laws
of Pakistan. However, when deemed necessary to expcd itc the construction works,
overtime, night time or hol iday working may be permitted by the DIIAM upon the
BUILDER's request. The cost of an y such overtime, shall be borne by the BUILDER.

).'Viii, All relevant Labou r Laws shall be fu lly fo 11owed by the BUILDER and enforced by

it among its oth er entities, personnel, agents, sub-contractors, staff etc. as and where
applicable and all requisite registrations req uired under the Jaw sha11 be the sole
responsibility of the BUILDER.
xix. BUILDER sha ll be bound to submit to DHA M copies of a11 provisional allocation
letters issued to end users I buyers (if any) at the time of completion of Project.

c.

Obligation to Take Approvals. Licenses. Permits. etc.
It sha ll be the so le responsibility of the BUILDER to take al l th e necessary and req uisite
approvals, licenses, permits, etc. from the competent authorities required for the purpose
of the construction and developm ent of the Project. /\I I the expenses or fees in this regard
sha11 be borne by the BU ILD ER itself and nothing sha ll be demanded from DHAM.

f.

Obligation Rcga rding Installation of Public Utilities:
It sha11 be the responsibi lity of BUILD ER to apply and install a ll the publ ic utilities
connections including but not lim ited to electricity. water, gas, etc. at the Project site and
to take all approva ls and submit government dues and fees for this purpose. However,
DHAM shal l facil itate the BU ILDER in obtain ing such approva ls by issu ing NOCs and
other requ ired documentation fo r such purposes. However, infrastructure of al l the utilities
not limited to e lectricity, gas, fiber optic cable etc. but excludi ng water shall be provided
by DI-TAM till node point of Land for utilities connections.

Pag.e 7 ot" IS

g.

Obligation Re2'arding Maintenance of the Building
BUILDER shall be under obligation to follow and comply with all the prevalent ByeLaws ofDHA Multan for the purpose of maintenance ofthe Building.

h.

Right and Obligation to do Marketing and Sale
It shall be the sole right and responsibi lity of the BUILDER to do all marketing and sale
of the Project I Building Units from its own resources. Notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement, the BU ILDER is permitted to commence marketing of the
Project immediately upon payment of the 5% of t