I
NFORMATI
ON MEMORANDUM
Punj
ab’
sPr
emi
um Dev
el
opmentAut
hor
i
t
y

OPENSGRANDAUCTI
ONFOR

Pr
es
t
i
gi
ousRes
i
dent
i
al
&Commer
c
i
al
Real
Es
t
at
eOppor
t
uni
t
y
.

AUCTI
ON DOCUMENTFOR

KANAL

COMMERCI
ALPLOTS
Mi
xUse
Commer
ci
al
Pl
ot
s

3

3RPleostisdential

CBD ROUTE47
,CBD QUAI
D DI
STRI
CT

INVITATION TO BID
All interested Bidders are hereby invited to register with the Authority for each Property on
which they wish to bid. All applications for registration must be submitted to the Authority
prior to the start of Auction for the relevant Property.
All applications for registration must be accompanied with a proof of payment of the earnest
money as outlined in the Instruction to the Bidders.
An English (numeric) auction will be carried out, starting from the reserve price followed by
increments not less than the minimum raise of Rs. 2.5 million. Only the Registered Bidders or
their duly authorized representatives will be allowed to participate in the Auction.
The auction documents will immediately be available at the office of the Punjab Central
Business District Development Authority located at CBD Punjab Complex, Ex Walton
Airport, Lt. (Navy) Yasir Shaheed Road, Lahore. Moreover, interested Bidders may obtain
further information from the office of the Authority.
The address and contact information of the Authority is as follows:
Punjab Central Business District Development Authority
Name: Ali Waqar Shah
Address: CBD Punjab Complex, Ex Walton Airport, Lt. (Navy) Yasir Shaheed Road, Lahore
Phone: 042-99058800 (ext 113), +92-301-8501895
Email: ali.waqar@cbdpunjab.gov.pk

CONTENTS
1.

INTRODUCTION

01

2.

INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS

03

PRE-AWARD CONDITIONS

06

POST-AWARD CONDITIONS

13

3.

AUCTION SCHEDULE

18

4.

APPLICATION FORM (ANNEXURE – A)

19

POWER OF ATTORNEY (INDIVIDUALS)

21

POWER OF ATTORNEY (ENTITIES)

22

AFFIDAVIT

23

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT RECEIPT OF EARNEST MONEY
(ANNEXURE – B)

24

6.

FORM FOR RELEASE OF EARNEST MONEY (ANNEXURE – C)

25

7.

LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE (ANNEXURE – D)

26

8.

AGREEMENT TO SELL (ANNEXURE – E)

28

5.

INTRODUCTION
1.

BACKGROUND
These Auction Documents are hereby issued in relation to the advertisements
appearing in the print and electronic media for the sale and transfer of the Properties
to Developer(s)/Bidder(s) as approved by the Punjab Central Business District
Development Authority.

2.

INFORMATION MEMORANDUM (IA)
A total of six (06) Properties located at CBD Residencia & CBD Business Bay,
Route 47, CBD Quaid District, Lahore are being put up for Auction in accordance
with the Land and Property Disposal Regulations, 2024. The units are divided into
three (03) ‘Residential Tower plots’ and three (03) ‘Mix Use Commercial High Rise’
plots for the purpose of the Auction.
No.

3.

1

Plot
No.
2B-29

2

Type

FAR

Height

Reserve Price

Mixed Use

Area in
Kanals
8.73

16

415

220 million/kanal

2B-30

Mixed Use

8.89

16

415

220 million/kanal

3

2B-31

Mixed Use

8.89

16

415

220 million/kanal

4

2B-32

Residential

7.11

14

380

200 million/kanal

5

2B-33

Residential

7.11

14

380

200 million/kanal

6

2B-34

Residential

6.35

14

380

200 million/kanal

CONTENTS OF THE AUCTION DOCUMENTS
The Auction Documents consists of the following parts:
A.

INSTRUCTION TO THE BIDDERS
This document serves a dual purpose for Prospective Bidders. It not only
outlines the modalities involved in the Auction Process but also delineates the
obligations of the Successful Bidder subsequent to the issuance of the Letter of
Acceptance.

B.

PROJECT AUCTION SCHEDULE
This document provides the activities to take place on the Auction Day and
the schedule thereof.

1

C.

APPLICATION FORM (ANNEXURE “A”)
The Application Form comprises the forms for: (i) Acceptance of Invitation to
Bid, (ii) Power of Attorney in favour of authorized representative and (iii)
Affidavit by the Bidder.
The Application Form serves as a legal confirmation that the Prospective Bidder
accepts and is bound by the terms outlined within the Auction Documents.

D. RECEIPT OF REGISTRATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF EARNEST MONEY
(ANNEXURE “B”)
This document provides the unique bidding number awarded to each Bidder
against auction for a specific lot of the Property. It also mentions the time, date
and venue of the Auction, and acknowledges receipt of the proof of payment of
Earnest Money in favour of the Authority.
E. FORM FOR RELEASE OF EARNEST MONEY (ANNEXURE “C”)
This form will be used for the release/refund and withdrawal of the Earnest
Money deposited by (unsuccessful) Bidders.
F. LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE (ANNEXURE “D”)
This Letter of Acceptance will be issued to the Successful Bidder in the Auction.
G. AGREEMENT TO SELL (ANNEXURE “E”)
This document includes the agreement to sell to be entered into between the
Authority and the Successful Bidder.

2

INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS
1.

DEFINITIONS
The terms used in the Instructions to the Bidders shall have the following meaning:
“Act” means the Punjab Central Business District Development Authority Act,
2021;
“Application Form” means the application form set out at Annexure-A to these
Instructions to Bidders;
“Auction” means an open and public auction to be carried out in accordance with
the Authority’s Land and Property Disposal Regulations, 2024 as fully described
herein;
“Auctioneer” means the person(s) nominated by the Land Disposal Committee to
carry out the Auction Process;
“Auction Date” or “Auction Day” means the day on which the Auction will be
held.;
“Auction Venue” means the venue where the Auction will be held;
“Auction Process” means the process to be adopted by the Punjab Central Business
District Development Authority to carry out the Auction for the Properties. The
Auction process is set out in Section 13 of these Instructions to Bidders;
“Auction Documents” means, collectively, these Instructions to Bidders, the
Information Memorandum, the Application Form, the Special Power of Attorney for
Individual, Special Power of Attorney for Entities, Letter of Acceptance and the
Agreement to Sell, together with all schedules and annexures thereto including any
amendments or replacements made from time to time;
“Authority” means the Punjab Central Business District Development Authority
established under the Punjab Central Business District Development Authority Act,
2021 and where the context so permits, the Land Disposal Committee or such other
officer or employee empowered to exercise the powers of the Authority in terms of
the Land and Property Disposal Regulations, 2024;
“Bidder(s)” means collectively, the Prospective Bidder, the Registered Bidder, the
Highest Bidder and the Successful Bidder;
“Board” means the Board of the Authority established under section 5 of the Act;

3

“Chairman” means the Chairman of the Board, as defined under Section 2 (f) of the
Punjab Central Business District Development Authority Act, 2021;
“Committee” means the Land Disposal Committee constituted under regulation 8
of the PCBDDA Land and Property Disposal Regulations 2024;
"Conflict of interest” means when an individual or entity participating in Auction
has a competing professional or personal interest that could reasonably affect - or
appear to affect - the impartiality of actions, decisions, or recommendations of any
officer or employee of the Authority. Such interests may be financial, relational, or
may arise from access to non-public information that could provide an unfair
advantage. All individuals involved in the Auction must disclose potential, perceived,
or actual conflicts of interest. Failure to disclose a conflict of interest may lead to
disqualification or other appropriate actions by the Authority.
“Designated Person” means any employee of the Authority entrusted with the task
of communicating with the Bidders in relation to any query they might have or for
any reasonable assistance they might require for the purposes of the Auction;
“Development Charges” means the actual charges imposed by the Authority from
time to time for the development of the infrastructure in the area, in accordance with
its regulations and based upon the actual costs incurred thereof, which shall be
payable in equal quarterly installments as determined by the Authority from time to
time.
“Development Obligations” means the obligations as explained in Section 36
hereunder;
“Earnest Money” means a fixed interest-free amount of twenty million rupees (Rs.
20,000,000) to be deposited in the shape of a payment order, demand drafts or
banker’s cheques in favor of Punjab Central Business District Development Authority
issued by a scheduled bank in Pakistan;
“Highest Bidder” means a Bidder who has submitted the highest price in the
Auction;
"Letter of Acceptance (LOA)" means the letter issued by the Punjab Central
Business District Development Authority to the Successful Bidder;
“minimum raise” means the smallest allowed increment by which a Bidder may
increase a bid which has been fixed at Rs. 2,500,000.00;
“Prospective Bidder” means any person who on payment of the required nonrefundable fee has been issued the Auction Documents and is yet to be registered with
the Authority for the Auction in accordance with Section 8 hereof;

4

“Property” means the properties to be auctioned as described in Section 2 of the
Information Memorandum;
“Registered Bidder” means a Prospective Bidder that has been registered with the
Authority as per section 8 hereof and has complied with the requirements of these
Instructions to Bidders and is present in person or represented through Special Power
of Attorney at the venue of the Auction;
“record sheet” means a bid record sheet used to collect, compare, and analyze key
elements of bids submitted by different Bidders during the Auction which enables
transparent and efficient evaluation of the bids during the Auction process.
“Sale Price” means the highest bid offer received in Auction which has been
accepted and approved by the Authority in the Letter of Acceptance issued in
accordance with the PCBDDA Land and Property Disposal Regulations, 2024,
which shall be exclusive of all applicable taxes;
“Scheduled Banks” means any bank declared as scheduled banks as per State Bank
of Pakistan Act, 1956 (clause (a) of Sub-Section (2) of Section 37;
“Special Power of Attorney” means the document attached set out in Annexure "A”
to the Instruction to Bidders, to be duly filled and submitted as prescribed;
“Successful Bidder” means the highest bidder whose bid offer has been accepted and
approved by the Authority in accordance with the PCBDDA Land and Property
Disposal Regulations, 2024 and in whose favor the Letter of Acceptance has been
issued.

5