FIRST AMENDMENT -3136351 -4919558 
 to Lease Agreement 
 by and between 
 Mr. Khalil Ahmad through its attorney Mr. Tayyab Azam (&quot;Lessor&quot;) and Zameen Media (Private) Limited (&quot;Lessee&quot;) 
 [Each a &quot;Party&quot; and, collectively, &quot;Parties&quot;] 
 This first amendment ('First Amendment&quot;) to the Lease Agreement dated 4 th June 2021(&quot;Agreement&quot;) is made and entered into at Lahore on this 17th May, 2023. 
 WHEREAS 
 (A) The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, entire second floor of the Building namely &quot;Arwa Heights&quot; located at Plot No. 19, Commercial Sector E, Nishtar Block, Bahria Town, Lahore (&quot;Demised Premises&quot;); and 
 (B) The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Agreement as per the terms and conditions of this First Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. The First Amendment shall come into force on 1 61h June, 2023 ('Effective Date&quot;). 
 2. Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to further extend the term of the Agreement for a period of one (1) year, commencing from the Effective Date and ending on 15th June, 2024 (&quot;Extended Term&quot;). 
 Lessor's Initials: 
 Lessee's initials: 
 Page lof 2 
 THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY 
 First Amendment -5783398 -425202 
 r 3. The Parties acknowledge that the Lessor has waived off the rental increment for the Extended Term. Accordingly, the monthly rent payable by the Lessee to the Lessor for the Demised Premises during the Extended Term shall remain same i.e. Rs. 99,000 (Rupees Ninety-Nine Thousand) per month inclusive of all applicable taxes and parking charges (&quot;Monthly Rent&quot;). 
 4. This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement. 
 5. All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately. 
 6. All expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein. 
 7. This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same amendment. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 SIGNED 
 For and on behalf of Lessor Mr. Tayyab Azam 
 CNIC: 35202-3716377-7 
 For and on behalf of Lessee Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar Designation: Director Procuremen 
 Name: I45?I 1?LthE Name: Az- /(tf,9tV CNIC: ''572-- 2ff7, 6 ! CNIC: 2o~.... -3T)7--7 
 Page 2 of 2 
 THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY