PROJECT PROMOTION AGREEMENT 
 This Project Promotion Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this [● DATE] day of [●MONTH] [●YEAR] by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , trading as Zameen.com, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Adil Ahmad Kamal (“ Zameen ” ) 
 AND 
 ZAMEEN MEDALLION (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Luqman Muhammad Rafiq (“ Zameen Medallion ”) 
 
 (Zameen Media and Zameen Medallion shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as “ Zameen ”, which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 AND 
 
 [ ● DEVELOPER ], a [ ● private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan] with its registered office at [ ● ADDRESS] (“ Customer ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns ). 
 
 [ Zameen and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ” ] 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Customer is undertaking the planning, development and construction of a real estate project, named and styled as [●] [PROJECT NAME], comprising [●] towers with [●] [residential/commercial plots/units/apartments], based on an area of [●] [DIMENSIONS] square yards and located at [ADDRESS] (“ Project ”); 
 
 The Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for performance of Services by Zameen with respect to the Project, including access to and utilization of Zameen’s online marketplace, and the Customer has granted exclusive rights to Zameen in this regard, as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, Parties agree as under : 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 DEFINITIONS: 
 
 Buyer means any person, company or entity that purchases any U nit in the Project, jointly or individually. 
 
 Competent Authority means any federal, provincial, capital or local government or authority, department, local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority, which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement. 
 
 Cancel led Unit Fee will have the mean ing assigned to it in Clause 4.3 . 
 
 Default Amount will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 4.5.1 . 
 Defaulting Charges will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 11.3 . 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form. 
 
 Inventory means [●] [NUMBER] residential and [●] [NUMBER] commercial plots available in the Project for Zameen to sell , as listed in Annexure A. While the number of the Units in the Project may vary as a result of structural reorganisation, the square footage of the Project (per Annexure G ) shall remain unchanged. Any additional Units created as a result of such reorganisation shall be deemed to be a part of the Inventory in Annexure A . 
 
 Service Fee means the fee to be charged for providing the Service s , as stipulated in Clause 4.1. 
 Services means the services to be provided by Zameen during the Service Period of this Agreement for the Project in connection with the use of its online marketplace, along with Advertising Services as well as IT and IT-enabled Services, as set out in more detail in Annexure E . 
 Outstanding Amount will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 4.5 . 
 
 Premium means , where the Sale Price is higher than the Quoted Price of a Unit, the difference between the two . 
 
 Quoted Price means the price of any Unit in t he Project as specified in the price s chedule in Annexure B. Any price variation due to the Unit’s location, view, extra size, or any other additional or special facilities, shall be deemed to be a part of the Quoted Price. For avoidance of doubt, Quoted Price shall be exclusive of Development Charges if applicable, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. 
 
 Sale Price means the price of any Unit in the Project at which the same is actually sold to any Buyer(s) after any applicable discounts, unless otherwise specified. For avoidance of doubt, Sale Price shall be exclusive of development charges and will always be construed as the overall price of a Unit payable by the Buyer irrespective of any deposit, down payment, or a failure on the part of a Buyer to pay future instalments. 
 
 Sales Targets means the targets specified in Annexure F . 
 
 Schedule of Work will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 7.2 (X) . 
 
 Service Period will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.1. 
 
 Unit means a single residential or commercial plot in the Project as listed in the Inventory in Annexure A. For avoidance of doubt, Unit shall be understood to include any Mortgaged Unit locked for sale, but shall not include Reserved Unit, where: 
 
 Reserved Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) reserved by the Customer exclusively for [●] [PURPOSE]. For avoidance of doubt, Reserved Unit shall not be available for sale by Zameen unless specifically authorised by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Reserved Unit released by the Customer shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement. 
 
 Mortgaged Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) pledged to/locked for sale by the development authority or any other competent authority for any lawful purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, any Mortgaged Unit released shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement. 
 
 TERM &amp; SCOPE: 
 This Agreement shall be valid for a period of [●] [WORDS] ([●] NUMBERS) years, starting from the commencement of the Sales Targets as per Clause 6.1 ( “ Service Period ” ). 
 The Parties are entering into this Agreement whereby Zameen Media shall have the exclusive rights for the provision of Services or any other service related thereto, with respect to the Inventory, and Zameen Medallion shall have the right to collect from the Buyers, on behalf of the Customer, the down payment up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price of Unit (s) sold by Zameen and disbursement of payments to the Parties accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 Customer hereby authorizes Zameen Medallion to collect the aforementioned payments through a bank instrument issued in favour of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited or through direct bank transfer/deposit by the Buyer in the designated bank account of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited specified in Annexure H . 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Customer hereby grants Zameen the right of first refusal to advertise, market and sell, for up to 1 (one) year of expiry of this Agreement, any other inventory available in the Project, in addition to providing the Services, or any other services related thereto, in respect of such other inventory available in the Project. The right of first refusal shall extend to any unit or inventory made available for sale by the Customer during the Service Period of this Agreement or within 1 (one) year after expiry hereof. 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that Zameen shall have the right to authorize any third parties, including estate agencies, property agents/dealers or any other entity, company or person, at its sole discretion, to advertise, sell or market the Units of the Project on behalf of Zameen , or to provide the Online Market Place Service , or any other services related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall not bear any charges for any services rendered by Zameen under this Clause 2.4. 
 SERVICES 
 Zameen shall perform Service s as more specifically described in A nnexure E , and, in this connection, to the extent required, also advertise, market and sell the Project as per the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Customer acquiring all necessary approvals and no-objection certificates for the Project from Competent Authorit y . 
 
 SERVICES FEES 
 
 In consideration for providing the Service s by Zameen under this Agreement , Customer shall pay to Zameen a fee equivalent to [ ● WORDS] percent ([ ● ]% ) of the [ ● ] Price of all Units sold (“ Service Fee ”) . Service Fee shall be paid in a manner specified in Annexure D . 
 
 In the event that Premium is earned on the sale of a Unit, the Customer shall pay an amount equal to 50% (fifty percent) of the Premium to Zameen (“ Zameen’s Share of Premium ”) . 
 
 In the event of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer , Zameen shall not be entitled to any Service Fee . However, in the event that Customer charges Buyer any cancellation fee, 50% (fifty percent) of such fee shall be paid to Zameen (“ Cancelled Unit Fee ”). 
 
 The payments and invoicing mechanism shall be as per the protocols set out in Annexure D . 
 
 PRICE CONTROL AND PERMITTED DISCOUNTS 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that the Quoted Price of any Unit, as per the p rice s chedule in Annexure B , shall remain fixed during the Service Period of this Agreement, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties hereto, subject to market conditions . 
 
 Zameen shall be permitted, at its discretion, to extend the discounts to any Buyer in accordance with the schedule in Annexure D . 
 
 SALES TARGETS 
 
 Zameen shall market the Inventory listed in Annexure A in accordance with the price schedule in Annexure B , subject to the Customer providing Zameen all necessary approvals from all Competent Authorit y and all necessary documents and materials required for marketing purposes . 
 
 Subject to the exceptions in this Agreement, in the event that Zameen: 
 
 Is unable to meet a minimum of [● percent ] of the periodic Sales Targets during the corresponding Periodic Cycle as specified in Annexure F, the exclusivity granted to Zameen under Clause 2.2 may be revoked by the Customer; 
 Sells least [● percent ] of the Inventory within the Service Period of this Agreement, the time period allotted for Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by three (3) months. 
 
 OBLIGATIONS &amp; WARRANTIES 
 
 The Customer hereby undertakes , represents and /or warrants as follows : 
 
 Customer has the authority to enter into and execute this Agreement through the duly authorized representative first mentioned above. 
 Customer is the absolute owner of the Project and its land area, which is free from any lien, charge, encumbrance, etc. of whatsoever nature, and shall remain unencumbered throughout the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 Customer is the owner of all Intellectual Property rights in relation to the Project and the name of the Project and has not violated any such Intellectual Property rights belonging to any other party. 
 Customer shall not make any changes whatsoever to the Project’s floor plan attached herewith as Annexure G , sellable inventory, specifications, amenities, or any other significant structural change, amendment or modification to the Project without consulting with Zameen, and any failure to consult Zameen shall be considered a breach of this Agreement 
 Customer shall be solely responsible for recovery of any payments from the Buyer, including inter alia any instalment(s) in respect of every Unit sold, whereas Zameen shall have the exclusive right to collect initial down payment up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price of a Unit , for and on behalf of the Customer , through a bank instrument issued in favour of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited or through direct bank transfer/deposit by the Buyer in the designated bank account of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited specified in Annexure H . 
 Customer shall obtain all relevant permissions, approvals and NOCs for the Project from all relevant Competent Authorit y , as and when required, before or after the signing of this Agreement. 
 Customer shall not have the right to refuse any offer for sale of any Unit(s) from a potential Buyer(s) provided said offer is in accordance with the price schedule specified in Annexure B of this Agreement. 
 Customer shall ensure timely preparation, execution and submission of all mutually agreed-upon documentation and/or material including but not limited to agreements to sell, copies of transfer and allotment letters, copies of payment receipts, and a schedule of any future charges applicable to Buyers other than Sale Price. 
 Customer acknowledges that any deviation from the construction schedule (“ Schedule of Work ”) as specified in Annexure I of this Agreement will adversely affect Project’s sales and marketing campaign, therefore the Customer undertakes to comply with the Schedule of Work. Any delay in construction due to any deviation may result in suspension of services by Zameen until such time as the construction is in compliance with the Schedule of Work , and the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for a period of time equal to the period of delay . 
 Customer shall make timely payment of all fees and charges due to Zameen under this Agreement, strictly in accordance with provisions hereof . Any delay in payment(s) shall result in an automatic proportionate extension of the Service Period of this Agreement and the time allotted to Sales Targets . 
 
 Customer grants to Zameen the exclusive right to collect, through bank instrument issued by the Buyer in favour of the Customer or direct bank transfer/deposit by the Buyer in the designated bank account of Zameen Medallion specified in Annexure H . 
 Customer shall provide a fully equipped sales office at the Project site with all required facilities including inter alia furniture, air conditioning, security, basic maintenance, and electricity backup. All utility and operational costs for the sales office shall be borne by Customer. 
 The Customer shall at the time of signing of this Agreement deliver to Zameen the ‘Notice to Buyers’ in original as specified in Annexure K for authorization under clause 7.2. The notice shall be issued on the Customer’s letterhead, duly signed and stamped by the Customer. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective and valid unless terminated in the manner set out below: 
 
 Prior to the lapse of the Service Period, only through mutual consent of both Parties in writing, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, neither party shall have the right to unilaterally terminate this Agreement during the Service Period; 
 After the lapse of the Service Period, by either Party giving at least [ ● ] days’ notice in writing to the other Party. 
 
 The termination of this Agreement shall be effective upon lapse of the notice period specified in the notice of termination under clause 8 .1.2. 
 
 The Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen Service Fee, or any other fees or charges due to Zameen for services performed until the date of termination. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement under clause 8 .1.2 above, the Parties agree that Zameen shall provide to the Customer, within [ ● ] days from the date of termination notice, a list of Units that are in pipeline for sale. Zameen shall collect the down-payment from the Buyers, as per Clause 7.2 within [ ● ] days from the date of booking and sale of such Units. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen the Service Fee with respect to such Units . 
 Neither party shall have the right to unilaterally terminate this Agreement. Subject to the terms hereof, this Agreement may only be terminated through mutual written consent of both Parties hereto. 
 Any fee(s) or payment to Zameen outstanding at the time of expiry or termination of this Agreement shall be paid to Zameen by Customer within 7 (seven) days of such expiry or termination. 
 
 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Except to the extent specified in the Agreement, neither Party shall be liable for any delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control including, without limitatio n, acts of God, terrorist acts , war, or civil unrest , outbreak of pandemic and epidemic, government lock down (“ Force Majeure ”) . 
 
 Any delay in the performance of obligations under the Agreement , excluding the period( s) pertaining to any payment(s), shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of interruption caused by the e vent of Force Majeure . 
 
 JURISDICTION &amp; DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 The Parties shall attempt to resolve any dispute arising in connection with this Agreement amicably by mutual agreement. If not resolved within 15 (fifteen) days, it shall be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties. The seat of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language of arbitration shall be English 
 This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan . 
 
 DEFAULT 
 
 Any breach of the terms of this Agreement shall be construed as an Event of Default. Any such default shall be remedied within 10 (ten) working days by the defaulting Party after being notified through written notice by the non-defaulting Party. 
 
 Without prejudice to any other rights of Zameen under this Agreement or any applicable laws, i n the event the Customer fails to remedy any default with respect to Clause 1 1 .1 , Zameen may suspend its Service s in respect of the Project and the Customer shall be liable to pay Zameen defaulting charges (“ Defaulting Charges ”), which shall be calculated as follows: 
 
 All expenses incurred by Zameen plus overheads such as staff salaries, and any other expenses incurred by Zameen in respect of the Project till the date of the Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, the Defaulting Charges shall be payable to Zameen in addition to the Service Fee payable to Zameen under this Agreement. 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 Customer shall not be responsible for any misrepresentation, mistake and/or negligence of any representative and/or employee of Zameen. Irrespective of the number or basis of the claim(s) in relation thereto, Zameen’s maximum aggregate liability to Customer, under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss (or any other loss), whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort, shall not exceed a sum equal to the value of the amount already paid to Zameen by the Customer in relation to which such claim arises. 
 
 Zameen shall not be liable for Customer’s failure or inability to deliver the Project or for failure or inability to deliver the Unit(s) to any Buyer(s) or for any breach of Provincial or Federal law, lack of approvals, or any other non-compliance of laws by Customer with regards to the Project, as the result of any encumbrance with respect to the Project’s land area, or for any other reason whatsoever, and Zameen shall not be liable to pay any penalty that may be imposed in respect thereof or bear any costs in association