ZAMEEN VENTURE ONE (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022
1

THE GROUP AND ITS OPERATIONS
The group consists of:
Holding Company:
Zameen Venture One (Private) Limited (''the Holding Company") was incorporated on 11 December
2018 as a Private Limited Company under the Companies Act, 2017 ("the Act"). The Holding
Company's principal activity is marketing and development of all type of real estate business in
Pakistan including developed or undeveloped land, housing or commercial projects including
commercial markets or multistore building( for commercial or residential purposes), shopping centres,
restaurants, hotels, recreational facilities, sell and purchase of land and building etc. The Holding
Company is a subsidiary of EMPG Projects Holding Limited ("the ultimate Parent Company"),
incorporated in United Arab Emirates (UAE) and EMPG Holdings Limited is the ultimate parent
company.
Subsidiaries:
- Zameen Nord (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Alpha (Private) Limited
- Zameen Arcs (Private) Limited
- Zameen Axis (Private) Limited
- Zameen Centre (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Core (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Crest (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Forte (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Luxe (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Omega (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Pavilion (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Platinum (Private) Limited
- Zameen Residences (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Sigma (Private) Limited
- Zameen South (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Vistas (SMC-Private) Limited
- Zameen Zeta (SMC-Private) Limited

1.1

The geographical locations and addresses of the holding Company and subsidiary's business units are
as under:
-

2

Head office and registered office: Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road Gulberg III, Lahore.

Statement of compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting and reporting
standards as applicable in Pakistan. The accounting and reporting standards applicable in Pakistan
comprise of:
- International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Standards) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) as notified under the Companies Act, 2017; and
- Provisions of and directives issued under the Companies Act, 2017.
Where provisions of and directives issued under the Companies Act, 2017 differ from the IFRS
standards, the provisions of and directives of the Companies Act, 2017 have been followed.

Page 5 of 26

ZAMEEN VENTURE ONE (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
3

BASIS OF PREPARATION
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention
unless otherwise stated.

3.1

Functional and presentation currency
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Pakistani Rupees, which is the Group’s
functional currency. All figures have been rounded off to the nearest Rupee, unless otherwise stated.

3.2

Principles of consolidation

3.2.1 Subsidiary
A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the Holding company. The Holding company controls an
investee when the Holding company is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.
The purchase method of accounting is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the
Group. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments
issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange, plus costs directly attributable to
the acquisition. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a
business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date, irrespective of
the extent of any non-controlling interest. The excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair value of
the Group's share of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of
acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is
recognized directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The assets, liabilities, income and
expenses of subsidiaries are consolidated on a line by line basis and the carrying amount of
investments held by the Holding company is eliminated against the subsidiaries' shareholders' equity
in the consolidated financial statements. Inter-group transactions, balances and unrealized gains on
transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated but
considered an impairment indicator of the asset transferred. The accounting policies used in
preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Holding company are consistent with
accounting policies of its subsidiaries. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the
accounting policies in line with that of the Holding company.
All significant intra-group transactions and balances between Group enterprises, and unrealized
profits are eliminated on consolidation.
3.2.2 Non-controlling interest
The Group applies a policy of treating transactions with non-controlling interests as transactions with
parties external to the Group. Disposals to non-controlling interests result in gains and losses for the
Group that are recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Group elected to measures the
non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the proportionate share of its interest in the acquiree's
identifiable net assets on fair value.
3.2.3 Business combinations under Common control
The predecessor method is used to account for the acquisition of companies carried out under
businesses under common control. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the carrying amounts of
the assets and liabilities assumed at the date of exchange and nominal value of the shares issued
plus costs directly attributable to the acquisition. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in
a business combination are measured initially at their carrying amounts at the acquisition date,
irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interest. The difference between the cost of acquisition
and the carrying value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded within its equity. The assets,
liabilities, income and expenses of subsidiaries are consolidated on a line by line basis and the
carrying amount of investments held by the Holding company is eliminated against the subsidiaries'
shareholders' equity in the consolidated financial statements. Inter-group transactions, balances and
unrealized gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are
also eliminated but considered an impairment indicator of the asset transferred.

Page 6 of 26

ZAMEEN VENTURE ONE (PRIVATE) LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
3.2.4 Business combinations
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed
The carrying values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Zameen South (SMC-Private) Limited as
at 01-Feburary-2022 (the date of acquisition) were:
Carrying value on
acquisition
Rupees
Assets
Cash and bank balances
Advance income tax

2,077
14
2,091

Liabilities
Other payables

202,933

Total identifiable net assets at carrying value [A]

(200,842)
10

Purchase consideration transferred [B]
Loss on acquisition [C=A-B]
3.3

(200,852)

Standards, interpretations and amendments to published accounting standards
The Group has adopted the following accounting standards, interpretation and amendments of IFRS
which became effective for the current year:
New and amended standard or Interpretation
-

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 – Amendment to IFRS 16
The amendment to IFRS 16 will provide relief to lessees for accounting for rent concessions
from lessors specifically arising from the covid-19 pandemic. While lessees that elect to apply
the practical expedient do not need to assess whether a concession constitutes a modification,
lessees still need to evaluate the appropriate accounting for each concession as the terms of
the concession granted may vary.
The Group have not received any Covid-19-related rent concessions, therefore has no impact
on the financial statements of the Group.

-

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2: Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,
IFRS 4 and IFRS 16
The amendments provide temporary reliefs which address the financial reporting effects when
an interbank the following practical expedients:
-

To require contractual changes, or changes to cash flows that are directly
required by the reform, to be treated as changes to a floating interest rate,
equivalent to a movement in a market rate of interest. practical expedients in
future periods if they become applicable.

-

To permit changes required by KIBOR reform to be made to hedge designations
and hedge.

-

To provide temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately
identifiable requirement when an RFR instrument is designated as a hedge of a
risk component.

These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Group. The Group
intends to use the practical expedients in future periods if they become applicable.

Page 7 of 26