NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER
E-STAM P

B-StiflPine

1•

A PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE

& PUH)AS

ORAYTiON TtCNOLOGV BOARD

ill
ID:

PB-LHR-8TFOCA91CFB9ZFEC

Type:

Low Denomination

Amount:

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

Description

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(d)

Applicant

Zameen Media Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akbar {35202-9099820-4J

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Agent:

Waseem Raja 135202-5960651-5j

Address

Lahore

issue Date

23-Dec-2022 11:43:11 AM

Delisted On/Validity:

30-Dec-2022

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason:

Consuitancy Agreement with Muhammad Au ilyas Khan sb Muhamamd
Ilyas Khan CNIC No. 35202-6175422-1

Vendor Information:

Ahmad Ali I PB-LHR-1709 ) Garden Town

,$_ L

SHAN ASSOCIATES
40-B Shan Arcade Barkat Market New

F

.ø

-

s.

J

O

.-:

Type eStamp <16 digit eStamp Nurnber> send to 8100

arden Town Lahore

CONSULTANCY AGREEMENT
This Consultancy Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is made and entered on
day of January, 2023 ('Effective Date') at Lahore. by and between:
ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED. a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan and
having its registered office at 94-B/I, MM. Alam Road. Gulberg Ill. Lahore, through its duly
authorized representative (hereinafter referred to as the 'Zameen' which term shall. wherever the
context so requires or permits. means and includes its successors-in-interest and assigns).
And
Muhammad Au Ilyas Khan sb

Muhammad Ilyas Khan bearing CNIC No. 35202-6175422-1

resident of House No. 149-C Model Town, Lahore (hereinafter referred to as the "Consultant"
which term shall, wherever the context so permits or requires. means and includes his successorsin-interest, legal heirs and assigns).
[Each a Party" and, collectively. "Parties"]
WHEREAS, Zameen is desirous of acquiring the consultancy services of the Consultant with
respect to the management of a warehouse leased by Zameen in Lahore, and Consultant has
agreed to provide such Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Now, therefore, the Parties agree asunder:
1.

Duration
This Agreement shall be valid for a period of one (1) year commencing from the Effective
Date and ending on 3l December, 2023. unless terminated earlier in accordance with
Clause 6 ('Term").

1.2.

This Agreement. along with all annexures hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings t\aor written, with respect hereto.

Consultant's initials

Zameen's initials

tLW1%rcL"'.
1F,

Page 1 of 3
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

1.3.

This Agreement may be modified or extended for any further period by written mutual
consent of the Parties.

2.

Services

2.1.

The Consultant shall provide management. coordination and acquisition services
("Services"), during the Term. with respect to the warehouse leased by Zameen i.e. Hall
No. 4, measuring forty-five hundred (4500) sq.ft. located at Ali Park, Peco Road. Kot
Lakhpat Lahore, Pakistan, for the purpose of storage of goods ("Premises).

3.

Consultancy Fee

3.1.

The consultancy fee as agreed between the Parties shall be Rs. 55,000 (Rupees Fifty-Five
Thousand) per month inclusive of all taxes ("Consultancy Fee").

3.2.

Consultancy Fee shall be paid by the Zameen to the Consultant in advance on a monthly
basis on or before 15th day of the month through a bank instrument or cheque in favor of the
Consultant, the receipt whereof shall be acknowledged in writing by the Consultant.

3.3.

Zameen shall be entitled to deduct from the Consultancy Fee any applicable taxes at such
rates as may be imposed under applicable laws.

3.4.

All payments made by the Zameen to the Consultant under this Agreement shall be made
through crossed cheque or pay order in favor of Muhammad Ali Ilyas Khan.

3.5.

The Consultancy Fee shall constitute the Consultant's sole payment in connection with the
Agreement or the Services.

4.

Code of Conduct

4.1.

The Consultant shall observe the highest standards of ethics and not have engaged in and
shall not hereafter engage in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice.
undesirable practice or restrictive practice.

5.

Confidentiality

5.1.

All reports and other documents ("Consultancy Documents") prepared by the Consultant
in performing the Services are confidential information of Zameen, and shall become and
remain the property of Zameen. along with all intellectual property rights vested therein.

5.2.

The Consultant shall. not later than termination or expiration of the Consultancy Agreement,
deliver all Consultancy Documents to Zameen. together with a detailed inventory thereof.

5.3.

The Consultant shall indemnify and hold harmless Zameen and its affiliates from and against
any and all claims, actions, proceedings. costs, expenses. and/or damages. on account of
third-party claims arising out of any breach of any covenant, representation and/or warranty
stipulated under this Agreement. The Consultant shall remain responsible for interruptions
in the smooth business operations of the Zameen. caused due to the subsequently
discovered liability(ies) of the Consultant with respect to his Services.

6.

Amendments and Termination

6.1.

This Agreement shall remain effective until termination or expiry hereof. unless otherwise
mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.

6.2.

This Agreement may be amended through written mutual agreement between

tes

I

''

Consultant's initials

Page 2 of 3
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Zameen's initials jf

6.3.

Either Party may terminate this Agreement on minimum 1 (one) months' advance notice in
writing to the other Party, upon lapse whereof this Agreement shall stand terminated.

7.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

7.1.

Consultant shall not disclose, without prior written approval from Zameen. any information
regarding this Agreement, including the existence and contents of this Agreement.

7.2.

The Parties hereby agree that no terms of the Agreement shall be construed as to
portray an employer-employee or agent-principle relationship between the Parties and
that both the Parties are acting independently and at their discretion.

7.3.

The provisions of this Agreement are severable.

7.4.

The Parties undertake to act in good faith to ensure completion of the conditions provided
herein and to comply with the terms of the Agreement. Any dispute, if unresolved within 15
(fifteen) days of it so arising, shall be resolved through arbitration under the Arbitration Act
(X of 1940).

7.5.

Until otherwise notified in writing by either Party to the other. all notices required to be given
pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to the addresses of the Parties first mentioned
above.

7.6.

The Parties confirm having read the Agreement in its entirety prior to executing it. and are
not relying on any representation or promise except for those set forth in his Agreement in
voluntarily deciding to execute the Agreement.

7.7.

All matters pertaining to this Agreement (including its interpretation, application, validity.
performance and breach) shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of Pakistan. The courts at Lahore. Pakistan, shall have exclusive jurisdiction in
respect of disputes arising hereunder.

7.8.

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. each of which is the original and which
together have the same effect as if each Party had signed the same document.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the terms and conditions of the Agreement set out above are
understood and accepted by the Parties, who expressly agree to abide by them.
For and on behalf of Consultant

For and on behalf of Zameen

Muhammad Au Ilyas Khan

Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar

CNIC No. 35202-6175422-1

Designation: Director Procurement

WITNESSES

Name:
CNIC.
Consultant's initials

-

K

Page 3 of 3
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Name:

&! -&L Kt1L42

CNIC:

éL-32-/
Zameen's initials

*

I