TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ONLINE PAYMENT GATEWAY 
   
 _________________ (the “ Effective Date ”) 
 
 You have been directed to this gateway because you have placed an order by using mall.olx.com.pk or OLX mobile application of the online platform (collectively, the “ Website ”), and have chosen to make payment for the order (“ Payment ”) through this online payment gateway. This online payment gateway platform is provided to you subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 General terms and Conditions 
 
 Payment can be made using [●] . 
 
 Upon initiating the payment process, i f you experience any server related issues like ‘slow down’ or ‘ failure’ or ‘session timeout’, please check with your relevant bank if the bank account has been debited or not and accordingly resort to one of the following options: 
 
 In case the bank account appears to be debited, ensure that you do not make the Payment twice and immediately thereafter contact the relevant bank to confirm that the Payment has been processed . 
 
 In case the bank account is not debited, you may initiate a fresh transaction to make the Payment . 
 
 You must ensure that sufficient balance is available in the designated bank account to make the Payment as well as payment of any applicable fee or bank charges with respect to the transaction. 
 
 Once the Payment is processed through the online payment gateway , it cannot be cancelled or refunded . Any request for cancellation or refund must be made directly to the merchant bank . 
 
 You must ensure that all information provided by you, including debit/credit card details , are true, correct accurate and up-to-date . 
 
 You can not use a debit/credit card that is not lawfully owned by you or the use of which is not authorized by the lawful owner . Please be aware that it is an offence punishable under the laws of Pakistan to use a debit/credit card that does not belong to you without legal authority, or that has been stolen or reported stolen. 
 
 Disclaimer s 
 
 The online payment gateway is provided in order to facilitate Payment through [●] . Online Classifies Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited (“ OLX ”) does not make any representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the online payment gateway other than what is specified here in. You expressly agree and acknowledge that your use of the online payment gateway is entirely at own risk and responsibility . 
 
 You understand and acknowledge that your personal data , including without limitation debit/credit card information, transmitted over the internet may be susceptible to misuse, hacking, theft and/or fraud and that OLX has no control over and/ or assumes no liability whatsoever for such matters. 
 
 Although all reasonable care has been taken towards guarding against unauthorized use of any information transmitted by you through the online payment gateway , OLX does not represent or guarantee that the use of the internet payment gateway will not result in theft and/or unauthorized use of data over the Internet . 
 
 OLX and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates , representatives, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns shall not be liable, in any manner whatsoever , for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the Website , or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with th e Online Payment and/or online payment gateway . 
 
 Use of the online payment gateway does not create or transfer any rights, title or interests in your favour, nor does it create any contractual or legal relationship between you and OLX and/or its affiliates . 
 
 No warranty , representation or guarantee, express or implied, is given by OLX in respect of the online payment gateway . 
 
 By using the gateway, you agree to fully indemnify, forever hold harmless and defend OLX and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents , affiliates and representatives from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of or relate to your use of the online payment gateway .