1

000000

···-

I ,...... 1 I:""

I

0

....

. :: : : : •

0

•

·-~

..::;.

""l

111111111111 111/H 1:11 II 118

f '·-

el032-4Q98953

E-STAMP

PB~lH R-42~A4E7995A8E031

Nen...Judieial

First Party

: AGREEf'.1ENT OR JV1EMORANDUt'--1 OF AN AGREEMENT- S(cc)
: Zeeshan Ali Khan [35201-6487663-3}

Second Party

: Naveed Shah [17J01·Q268;l.li;H:i)

Agent
Stamp Ewt:y Paid by

: i'1uharnmad Bul<lman [3B10;Hi9230tirl"'il
: Zeesh;:~n Ali Kh:m l.25;!0hti6itlif!63<3]
: 25-Jun-2018, 02,:~~;~~ PM

Issue Date
P.gid Through !;:hi'!l!an
b.I'!.10Unt in Worcts

: 201~C!;:072ert'lDAS!J
: One Thsusano Two Hum;lr;;d ~lupil&S 0nly

Prepared by: Maryam Haq
~e: Meg4 Tower

LEASE AGREEMENT
This lease Agreement (" Agreement") is made at lahore on this 25th day of June, 2018 by and
BETWEEN
Reshmatex limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its
registered office at 4-KM Manga Road, Raiwind near Rohi Nala, lahore, through its representative, Mr.
Naveed Shah, duly authorised vide Board Resolution dated 11 May 2015 ("Lessor" which expression
shall mean and include his legal heirs, representatives, where the context so admits, mean and include
its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns)
AND
Zameen Media {Private) limited, trading as Zameen.com, a private limited company incorporated
under the laws of Pakistan, with its registere d office at Pearl One, 94 B/1, M .M Alam Road, Gulberg Ill,
Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan ("Lessee" which
expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and
perm itted assigns)
(Lessor and the Lessee shall hereinafter be referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the
"Parties")
Page 1 of 9
lessor's initia Is
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Prepared by: M ~~
Re:M~~~

E-STAMP
CONTINUATION SHEET

WHEREAS:

(A) The Lessor has represented to the Lessee that Lessor is the sole, absolute and exclusive owner
and in possession of a commercial pla za named and styled as "Mega Tower'' , located at 63-B,
Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Building");
(B) The Lessor and Lessee executed a Memorandum of Understanding dated 21 June, 2018
("MOU") attached as Annexure A, memorialising their intent to give and take on lease,
respectively, all of the gth (eighth) floor of the Building, measuring usa ble are a of approximately
17,300 sq. ft. and parking spaces on B1 and B2 floors of the Building (" Demised Premises");

(C) Pursuant to the MOU, the Parties are entering into this Agreement for lease of the Demised
Premises for business/commercial use on the terms and conditions set out below.
NOW, TH EREFORE, Lessor and Lessee, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

INTERPRETATION
1.1. Words in the singular include the plural and vice versa, and words imparting any gender include
every gende r;
1.2. References to a perso n sha ll include inter olio individuals, firm s, partnerships, companies,
corporations,

unincorporated associations, government authorities, judicial authorities,

agencies and tru sts (in each case, whether or not having sepa rate legal personality), as the
context permits; and

2.

PREMISES
2.1. The Demised Premises shall include:
a) The entire g th floor of t he Building with usable area measuring app ro ximat ely 17,300 sq. ft.
of grey structure area with tiling in an un-partitioned form, as per floor plan attached
herewith as Annexure B;
b)

Dedicated parking on B1 and B2 floors of the Building for 30 cars and 125 motorbikes
allocat ed to the Lessee. For avoida nce of doubt, no extra charge shall be charged by the
Lesso r for such parking space in addition to rent as defined below. On request by the Lessee,
further pa rking spaces will be arranged by the Lessor through a third party service; and

c) Three fully functional elevators in the Building dedicated exclusively to the Lessee.
2.2. Subject to t he t erms set out hereunder, the Lessee shall have all the rights ava ilable to a Lessee,
including but not limited to right of access, approach, movement into and from the Demised
Premises and Building and right to conduct its business without hindrance.

Page 2 of 9
Lessee's Initi als
THIS DOCUMENT IS CO NFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

~~

Prepared~~\ ~

E-STAMP
3.

CONTINUATION SHEET

PRINCIPAL TERMS OF LEASE AGREEMENT

3.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the lessor hereby grants lease of the
Demised Premises to the lessee for a period of three (03) years ("Tenancy Period"),
co mmencing upon expiry of the Renovation Period (defined below). The Tenancy Period shall
comprise three rental periods, as more fully described in Clause 4.1 below.
3.2. The Lessor shall hand over vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the lessee on the
date of signing of this Agreement, i.e. 01 July 2018 ("Possession Date") . The Parties agree to a
rent-free period of forty-five (45) days, commencing from the Possession Date and ending on

15 August 2018 or as may be amended on written mutual co nsent, for the purpose of
conducting renovation s and construction works at the Demised Premises to be completed by
each Party as per the terms of this Agreement ("Renovation Period") .
3.3 . The Parties agree that Rent (defined below) shall only be payable by the lesso r once the
Renovation Period lapses and all renovations enumerated under Clause 5 of this Agreement
have been completed.
4.

RENT, MAINTENANCE AND SECURITY DEPOSIT

4.1. The Tenancy Period shall com prise of three rental periods, each for a period of 12 months from
com mencement:
a) First Term shall commence on the date of completion of the Renovation Period, i.e. 15
August 2018;
b) Second Term shall commence on the date of expiry of the First Term, i.e. 15 August 2019;
and
c) Third Term shall commence on the date of expiry of the Second Term, i.e. 15 August 2020.
(First, Second and Third Term shall collectively be referred to as "Rental Period")

4.2. In consideration of the covenants made by the Lesso r and the grant of the lease of the Demised
Premises hereunder, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor monthly rent of the Demised Premises
during the First Term of the Rental Period at the rate of Rs. 30 (Rupees thirty) per sq. ft. as rent
and services/maintenance charges of Rs. 27 (Rupees twenty-seven) per sq . ft., i.e. a total
monthly rent (including service/maintenance charges) of Rs. 986,100 (Rupees Nine Hundred
and Eighty-Six Thousand One Hundred Only) after deduction of all taxes ("First Term Rent") .
Subject to Clauses 3.3 and 4.4, First Te rm Rent shall be paid by the Lessee in advance on
quarterly basis.
4.3. The Parties agree that Rent during the Rental Period shall be increased for the Second and
Third Te rm at the rate of by 7.7% (seven-point-seven percent) upon the commencement of
such Term, to be pa id by th e Lessee in advance on a quarterly basis, subject to Clauses 3.3 and
4.4. The Lessee sha ll make all payments to the Lessor under this Agreement through pay
order/crossed cheq ue in favour of "Mr. Naveed Shah", duly authorised represe ntative of the
Lessor.

4.4. Subject to the term s and conditions of t his Agre ement, Lessee shall, on the date of signing of
t h1s Agreement, pay to the Lessor:

MSt
Lesso· r,s ...
-1s
1n1t1a

Page 3 of 9

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's Initials

Prepared by: Maryam Haq
Re : Mega Tower

a) Security deposit equal to three (03) months' rent and service cha rges, i.e. an amount of Rs.
2,958,300 (Rupees two million nine hundred and fifty-eight t housa nd and three hund red);
and
b) Advance rent and service charges fo r six {06) months, i.e. an amount of Rs. 5,916,600
(Rupees five million nine hundred and sixteen thousand and six hundred).
The security deposit and advance rent shall collectively be referred to as "Initial Payment".
After the Initial Payment is made by the Lessee, the Lessee shall pay rent in advance on a
quarterly basis to Lessor, as per the terms of this Agreement.

4.5. The Lessor hereby confirms that, on account of service/ maintenance charges being paid by the
Lessee, the Lessor shall - in addition to regular upkeep of all common areas and engineering
services of the Building together with the Demised Premises- provide inter alia 24/7 secu rity
guards at the Building and 24/7 functional elevators, maintenan ce of elevator and parking
facility, general maint enance and repairs that may be required in t he Building and Dem ised
Premises from time to time.
4.6. It is reiterated here that the Rental Period of this Agreement shall not commence unti l t he
Lessor has completed all his obligations, including inter alia renovations, construction and other
ancillary works on the Demised Premises, as agreed between the Parties in t his Agreemen t.
5.

LESSOR'S RESPONSIBlUTES

5.1. The Lessor shall fulfil the following responsibilities within the first thirty {30) days of the
Renovation Period, and any delay thereof shall result in an automatic extension of t he
Renovation Period equal to the number of days of such de lay:

a)

Lessor shall ensure that at the time of possession/ execution of this Agreement, all
utilities at the Demised Premises (including inter alia electricity and water supply) are
fully accessible and functional.

b)

Lessor shall ensure that electricity is supplied to the main distribution panel of the
Demised Premises, with electricity supply and w iring capable of supporting the
electricity re quirements of the Lessee, including inter alia air-conditioning and IT
system(s), and shall ensure that the sub-meter fo r electricity is fully functional on the
Possession Date.

c)

Lessor sha ll also install and ma intain a sepa rate meter for generator usage by the
Lessee. Uninterrupted supply of electricity through generator shall be provided by the
Lessor to the Lessee at the rate of PKR 45 (Rupees forty-five) per unit ut ilised, where
one unit is equa l to one KWH ("Generato r Fee"). Generator Fee will be paid by the
Lessee in arrears.

d) Lessor shall procure and install security glass in fron t of all three elevato rs and staircase
opening on the Demised Premises to secure the Demised Premises from other
occupants/ visitors of the Building.

Page 4 of9
Lessor's initials
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee' s Initials

n z~meen.com

Prepared by: Ma rya m Haq
Re: M ega Tower

e)

The Lessor shall renovate the washrooms at the Demised Premises w ithin the
Renovation Period and shall make sure that all washrooms, fixtures and fittings are f ully
operational and in good working condition.

f)

Lessor shall ensu re t hat the elevators are fully functional, w ith two of the elevat ors t o
be repaired and made operational during the first thirty (30) days of the Renovation
Period .

g)

Lessee shall be provided branding space for the Lessee's name and logo on t he front &
side elevation of the Building (on the external sides and front of t he Premises), which
shall be delineated and provided at the time of signing of this Lease Agreement. All such
branding shall be at the Lessee's own cost. Lessee' s design and logo is attached
herewith as Annexure C.

h)

Lessor shall ensure that the parking spaces on Bl and B2 floors are in a clean and
presentable cond ition and that there is adequate space for 30 cars and 125 bikes.

i)

Lessor shall provide presentable access without hind rances f rom t he entrance of the
Building to the Premises (8th floor).

j)

Lessor shall install vinyl on the walk way and repa iring all the broken glasses of windows
of the Demised Premises and repair all damaged floor t iles.

k)

Lessor shall provide one time cargo lift to t he Lessee fo r t he transportation of material
and goods from the ground floor to the Demised Premises (8th floor) .

I)

Lessor shall provide the completio n ce rt ificate issued by Lahore Development Authority
before the lapse of the renovation period .

m) Lessor shall bear the costs of all works, repairs and renovations under this Clause 5.1.
5.2. The Lessor shall take reasonable steps to kee p the common area fit for use by the Lessee.
5.3 . In case of any defect in th e Demised Premises, emerging during the Ter m of t his Agreement,
upon prompt notice by the Lessee to the Lessor, Lessor shall carry out at its own expense, all
repairs in re spect of such defect and, as far as possible, in such a manner as not to obstruct the
busin ess of t he Lessee.
5.4. In case of any delay in the renovations and repairs to be completed by t he Lessor, the
Renovat ion Period shall be extended for a period equal to delay.

6.

GU RAN TEES

6.1. The Lessor hereby represents and warrants that at the t ime of execution of t his Agreement, the
Demised Premises is free from any lien, charge, encumbrance, etc. of whatsoever nature, and
that t he Demise d Premises shall re main un encumbered throughout th e Tenancy Period, and
any subsequent renew ed Tenancy Period, of t his Agreement.

Page 5 of 9
Lessor's initials
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's Initials

Prepared by: Maryam Haq
Re: Mega Tower

6.2. The Lessor is the absolute owner of the Demised Premises and Building and shall provide the
necessary ownership documents to that effect and boa rd reso lut ion authorising Mr. Naveed
Shah as the Lessor's authorised representative, at the time of signing of this Agreement.
6.3 . The Lessor does hereby undertake that the Demised Premises shall be free from all sorts of
defects and the Lessee shall have access to all basic faci lities and utilities at the time of
commencement of Rental Period.
6.4. The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee enjoys quiet and peaceful possession of the Demised
Premises during the Term of this Agreement, particularly during office hours (9:00 AM to 7:00
PM), without any let or hindrance, which means a healthy working environment which is
noiseless, hassle free and without interruption due to construction work during office hours.
6.5. The Lessor undertakes and hereby authori zes the Lessee to carry out any required internal
partitions, modifications, or to dismantle or make alteration(s) to the existing interior of the
Demised Premises, excluding the core building structure. Lessee shall also have the right to
place and install on the Demised Premises specific outlets and adequate equipment, i.e. interalia equipment for central air-conditioning (if any). Lessee shall not be liable to remove, at the
time of expiry or termination of the Agreement, any fixtures and fittings or to reverse
alterations as made by the Le ssee during the Tenancy Period. Accordingly, no deductions shall
be made by the Lessor from the security deposit against such alterations/ renovations at the
t ime of expiry of the Agreement. Deductions from security deposit sha ll be strictly against
outstanding Rent, damage and outstanding utility bills if any.
6.6. The Lessee undertakes and covenants that during the Tenancy Period of this Agreement, the
Lessee shall keep the Demised Premises in good tenantable condition.
6.7. The Lessee will use and occupy the Demised Premises for its lawful business purposes. The
Lessee will comply with any and all laws, ordinances, rules, orders, and regulations of any
governmental authority which are applicable to the conduct of the Lessee 's business at the
Demised Premises.

7.

RENEWAL AND TERMINATION

7 .1. This Agreement shall expire at the end of the Tenancy Period, unless otherwise mutually
agreed in writing between the Parties.
7 .2. The Parties agree that this Agreement may be extended for any further period on such terms
and conditions as mutually agreed between the Parties in writing at least 03 (three) months
prior to the expiry of this Agreement.
7.3 . Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any point by giving three (03) months' written
notice in advance to the other Party.
7.4. In the event that any Party is in material breach of the terms of this Agreement, t hen the other
Party ("Suffering Party" ), by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice under
acknowledgement to the Party in breach, may demand a cure of such material breach within
said thirty (30) days. If the breach continues beyond this notice period, the Suffering Party may
terminate this Agreement wi thout further notice .

Page 6 of9
Lessor's initials
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFID ENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's Initials

n ~ameen_.com

Prepared by: Maryam Haq
Re: Mega Tower

7.5. In the event of termination or expiry of this Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over peaceful
and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor upon refund of security deposit
(after deduction of damage or outstanding utility bills only, if any) and unutilised rent, if any.
8.

SURVIVAL

If any term or provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or unenforceable, by any court of law,
the remainder of this Agreemen t, or the application of such term or provision to persons other than
those against whom, or the circumstances under which, it is held to be invalid or unenforceable,
sha ll not be affected.
9.

JURISDICTION & ARBITRATION

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan, with the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with
respect to this Agreement, if not resolved within fifteen (15) days of its so arising, shall be referred
for arbitration to be conducted under the Arbitration Act (X of 1940). After lapse of fifteen {15)
days, arbitration proceedings may be in itiated by delivery of a notice in w riting by either Party to
the other Party. The arbitration pane l shall consist of three arbitrators: one each to be appointed by
each Party and the third to be appointed mutually by the first two arbitrato rs. The place of
arbitration shall be Lahore and the language for arbitration proceedings shall be English. The
decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the case may be, shall be fina l, non-appealable and
binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and understanding
between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof and shall supersede and replace all prior
discussions, understandings, agreements and represent ations, whether oral or written and whether
or not executed by the Parties and the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. No amendment or
change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless set fo rth in writing and
executed by all the Parties. Any waiver of any right hereunder by any one Party hereto shall not be
deemed to constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder, whether of a similar or different
nature. This Agreement shall be binding upon the respective successors and assigns of each party.
11. NOTICES

All notices shall be delivered via email or written letters. Emails shall be deemed to have been
delivered after twenty-four {24) hours of being sent. Written letters shall be deemed to have been
delivered after three {03) working days of being posted, provided such letters were sent via a
reputable courie r company. Contact details of the lessor's and Lessee's representatives for the
purpose of notices shall be as follows:
Lessor

Attention of:
Email:
Add ress:
Contact#:

Lessee

Attention of:

Mr. Sheikh Shuja Ull ah Khan

Email:

shuja@zameen.com

Address:

94-B/1, MM Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Contact#:

0321-6040506

Page 7 of 9
Lessor's initials
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's Initials

n zameen.com

Prepared by: Maryam Haq
Re: Mega Tower

12. COUNTERPARTS
This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same.
13. FORCE MAJURE
Both Parties shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national emergen