Agreement No. HA/

AGREEMENT TO SELL
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASED UNIT

PROJECT DETAILS

Developer: 
Mall 35
 

Pearl One, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore

Name of Project: 

MALL 35

Location: 

Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi

UNIT DETAILS

Unit Number: 
Unit Type:

Hotel Apartment

Area of Unit: 

sq. ft.

Purchase Price (PKR):
In Words (Rupees):

 

 
 
Estimated Completion Date:

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 1 of 22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
This Agreement to Sell is entered into at

on this

day of

20

by and between:

Mall 35, a partnership firm with its office at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore (“DEVELOPER” which
expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of
the ONE PART;
AND
(i) BUYER NAME:
Father’s/Husband’s Name:
CNIC/NICOP: 

Expiry Date:

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence) 

Mobile: 

(Office)

E-mail:

(ii) JOINT BUYER NAME:
Father’s/Husband’s Name:
CNIC/NICOP: 

Expiry Date:

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence) 

Mobile: 

(Office)

E-mail:

(iii) ENTITY NAME:
Partnership

Company (private)

Registration No.: 

Company (public)

Sole Proprietorship

NTN:

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: 
Mobile 

CNIC:
E-mail:

(individually, or in the case of joint Buyers, collectively referred to as “Buyer”, which expression shall, where the context so
admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, Nominees, successors-in-interest,
permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 2 of 22

WHEREAS
(A) The Developer is developing a real estate project named and styled as ‘Mall 35’ comprising of inter alia hotel
apartments restaurants, and commercial shops located at Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi
(“Project”);
(B) The Buyer has seen the plan for the Project and the Floor Plan of the Project and agrees to purchase the hotel
apartment, as described in Description of Purchased Unit (“Purchased Unit”), along with leaseback to and
buyback by the Developer with respect thereto; and
(C) The Developer has agreed to construct and sell the Purchased Unit to the Buyer and to take on lease or
buyback the same from the Buyer, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions:

SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1. For the consideration provided in this Agreement to Sell (defined below), including without limitation the
Purchase Price, the Developer will construct and sell rights in the Purchased Unit to the Buyer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be
amended from time to time. Provided that where there is more than one person or entity as the “Buyer”, then
the obligations of the persons or entities in relation hereto shall be joint and several.
2. 
The following documents (duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale, purchase and leaseback of the Purchased Unit,
all of which shall form an integral part of this Agreement (“Agreement”):
 

(i)

Description of Purchased Unit

 

(ii)

This Agreement to Sell

 

(iii)

General Terms and Conditions

 

(iv)

Nominees

 

(v)

Leaseback Agreement, as may be renewed from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof

 

(vi)

Attachment A: Payment Plan

 

(vii)

Attachment B: Purchased Unit Floor Plan

 

(viii)

Any other document forming part of this Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof.

3. The documents enumerated in Clause 2 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of
any conflict, ambiguity or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given to the General
Terms and Conditions, followed by the Payment Plan, and Description of Purchased Unit. Any terms used
as defined terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the General Terms and Conditions. The rules
of interpretation set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents forming this
Agreement.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 3 of 22

BUYER’S WARRANTIES
4. The Buyer confirms having read and understood, and agrees to comply with this Agreement and by any
further terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Developer.
5. The Buyer confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Buyer in this Agreement are true and correct
in all respects.
6. The Buyer confirms and warrants that the Buyer (and where there is more than one Buyer, each such Buyer) has
the requisite capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the obligations hereunder.

ARBITRATION
7. Any dispute or difference as to this Agreement or any part thereof or any matter or thing of whatsoever
nature arising thereunder or in relation thereto between the Developer and the Buyer that cannot be
resolved through mutual agreement may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the General Terms and
Conditions.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed this Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of
their own free will, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf of JOINT BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

WITNESSED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

Name: 

Name:

CNIC/NICOP: 

CNIC/NICOP:

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 4 of 22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1.

Unless inconsistent with the context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement means this Agreement to Sell, along with these General Terms and Conditions, as well as
all documents enumerated in Clause 2 of this Agreement to Sell, as may be amended or
supplemented by the Developer from time to time at its sole discretion.
Agreement to Sell means this Agreement to Sell entered into between the Developer and the Buyer to
which these General Terms and Conditions are appended.
Adjusted Amount has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.2 of these General Terms and Conditions.
Buyer means the person or persons identified as the Buyer in this Agreement to Sell and his/her
or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted transferees
and permitted assigns. Where there is more than one Buyer, references to one Buyer
shall be to such persons jointly and severally.
Common Areas means those parts of the Project not physically forming a part of any Unit including inter
alia all open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies, and
hallways.
Common Facilities means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, security system, tube-well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas that do not form part of any given Unit.
Commencement Date means the date on which the Hotel Management Company launches the hotel for the
Project, in accordance with the Permitted Use.
Competent Authority means any federal, provincial, capital or local government or authority, department,
local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority, including the Office of the
Cantonment Board Rawalpindi, Office of the Military Estates Officer Rawalpindi, and
any other authority which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or this
Agreement.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 5 of 25

Completion or Estimated
Completion Date means the date or expected date communicated by the Developer as the date or
expected date on which the Purchased Unit will be ready for handover of the possession
to the Buyer, subject to the Buyer complying with his/her obligations inter alia as per
Clause 4 (Construction of Purchased Unit) of these General Terms and Conditions.
Completion Notice means a written notice sent to the Buyer by the Developer communicating the Completion
Date.
Complimentary Vouchers has the meaning assigned to it in the Leaseback Agreement.
Component Materials means inter alia steel, cement, diesel, labour or any other material used for construction
and finishing of the Project.
Developer means Mall 35, a partnership firm with its office at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road,
Gulberg III, Lahore.
Down Payment means the amount paid by the Buyer under this Agreement to Sell, equal to thirty
percent (30%) of the Purchase Price (defined below) of the Purchased Unit, as shown in
the Payment Plan.
Due Date means the date on or before which any payment or instalment in the Payment Plan is
required to be paid by the Buyer to the Developer in the designated bank account.
Event of Force Majeure has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 12.1 of these General Terms and Conditions.
Hotel Management
Company means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or
associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest
and assigns) charged with the maintenance, operation or management of a hotel with
respect to the Units including the Purchased Unit.
Instalment Payment means any payment to be made by the Buyer as per the Payment Plan (defined below).
For the avoidance of doubt, Instalment Payment may, subject to Clauses 3.2 and 3.3,
include any applicable Adjusted Amount.
Leaseback Agreement means the leaseback agreement executed by and between the Developer and the Buyer
whereby the Buyer has leased back the Purchased Unit to the Developer pursuant to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Lease Period

Buyer’s initials

shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Leaseback Agreement.

Developer’s initials
Page 6 of 22

Nominee means such person, as may be nominated by the Buyer as the person who may facilitate
in the transfer of rights and obligations of the Buyer under this Agreement to Sell to the
legal heirs in the event of demise of the Buyer.
means the Developer or the Buyer, whereas Parties means both.

Party

Payment Plan means the Payment Plan in Attachment A, setting out the Due Date, quantum and
schedule of Instalment Payments of the Purchase Price to be paid by the Buyer to the
Developer.
Permitted Use means the operation, management, and maintenance of a luxury hotel by the Hotel
Management Company.
Project means the real estate project, named and styled as ‘Mall 35’, approved and sanctioned
by the Office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, being constructed and developed by
the Developer on Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi.
Purchase Price means the total amount identified in the Payment Plan as the purchase price of the
Purchased Unit payable by the Buyer in accordance with the Payment Plan, together with
any Adjusted Amount which may be payable under Clause 3.2 as consideration for the
sale and transfer of the Purchased Unit to the Buyer.
Purchased Unit means the specific furnished hotel apartment, as shown in the Purchased Unit Floor
Plan, which the Buyer has contracted to purchase and lease to the Developer pursuant
to this Agreement.
Purchased Unit Floor Plan means the floor plan of the Purchased Unit and its location, as shown in Attachment B to
this Agreement to Sell.
has the meaning assigned to it in the Leaseback Agreement.

Rent

Rules means such rules, as amended from time to time, as may be framed by the Developer,
and/or the Hotel Management Company setting out the Buyer’s rights and obligations in
relation to the lease of Purchased Unit.
Taxes means any federal, provincial or local taxes or levies payable on any component used for
the construction or lease of the Purchased Unit (including the Component Materials) or,
where the context permits, applicable on the sale or lease thereof, as may be prescribed
or levied from time to time by any Competent Authority.
means any one or more hotel apartment(s) in the Project, including the Purchased Unit.

Unit

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 7 of 22

1.2.
 

Except where the context otherwise requires, references in this Agreement to:
(i) An Article, Clause, attachment, or paragraph are references to an Article, Clause, attachment or
paragraph of this Agreement or the relevant document comprising this Agreement;

 

(ii) Any headings in this Agreement are for ease of reference only and are not to be taken into account in
construction or interpretation;

 

(iii) Any statute or other legislative provision shall be read to include any statutory or legislative
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof;

 

(iv)

Words denoting one gender shall include all other genders;

 

(v)

Words denoting singular shall, where the context permits, include plural;

 

(vi)

Any reference to a date or time is to such date and time in Islamabad, Pakistan;

 

(vii) Any reference to a Party shall, where the context permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest
and permitted assigns;

 

(viii) No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible
for the preparation of this Agreement or any part of this Agreement;

 

(ix) Use of the terms “including”, “include” or “includes” shall be interpreted to be followed by the phrase
“without limitation”, unless otherwise specified;

 

(x) An obligation on a Party to do any act, matter or thing include an obligation to procure that it is done
and words placing a Party under a restriction include an obligation not to permit or allow infringement
of the restriction.

 

(xi) “Law” includes any law, by-law, regulation (including any rule, official directive, request or guideline),
legislation (including delegated legislation), constitution, decree, judgment, court order/authority of
competent jurisdiction, ordinance, statute, treaty or other legislative measure of any governmental
body or any Competent Authority;

 

(xii) Where there is a reference to “sell”, “sale” or other transfer of rights in any Unit by the Developer to the
Buyer, such term refers to a sale of the Developer’s rights relating to the Purchased Unit concerned,
including the right to occupy and use such Unit and, where applicable, transfer those rights all upon
and subject to the Terms and Conditions.

Buyer’s initials

Developer’s initials
Page 8 of 22