FIRST AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Mr. Khalil Ahmad through its attorney Mr. Tayyab Azam ("Lessor") and Zameen Media
(Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ('First Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 4th June
2021("Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 17th May, 2023.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and the
Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, entire second floor of the Building namely "Arwa
Heights" located at Plot No. 19, Commercial Sector E, Nishtar Block, Bahria Town, Lahore
("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Agreement as per the terms
and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 161h June, 2023 ('Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to further
extend the term of the Agreement for a period of one (1) year, commencing from the
Effective Date and ending on 15th June, 2024 ("Extended Term").

Lessor's Initials:

Page lof 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment

r

3.

The Parties acknowledge that the Lessor has waived off the rental increment for the
Extended Term. Accordingly, the monthly rent payable by the Lessee to the Lessor for the
Demised Premises during the Extended Term shall remain same i.e. Rs. 99,000 (Rupees
Ninety-Nine Thousand) per month inclusive of all applicable taxes and parking charges
("Monthly Rent").

4.

This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Agreement.

5.

All other terms and provisions in the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and shall
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Agreement shall bear the same meaning
in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7.

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Mr. Tayyab Azam
CNIC: 35202-3716377-7

For and on behalf of Lessee
Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
Designation: Director Procuremen

1?LthE
CNIC: ''572-- 2ff7,6 !

Name:

Az-

/(tf,9tV

CNIC:

2o~....

-3T)7--7

Name:

I45?I

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY