2 4 September 2020 
 
 DIRECTOR 
 Exchange Policy Department, Central Directorate, 
 State Bank of Pakistan, I.I. Chundrigar Road, Karachi. 
 
 SUBJECT : Response to email dated 18 September 2020 for submission of document with respect to request dated 4 September 2020 for registration of Loan Agreement dated 2 5 August 2020 executed by and between Zameen Limited and Zameen Media (Private) Limited. 
 
 Dear Sir, 
 
 We write with reference to the application dated 4 September 2020 (“ Original Request ”), along with letter s dated 10 September 2020 and 15 September 2020 submitted to J S Bank Limited, Plot No. 14-A, Block D-1, Ghalib Road, Gulberg III, Lahore Branch (“ Authorized Dealer ”), for registration of the Loan Agreement dated 25 August 2020 (“ Loan Agreement ”) executed by and between Zameen Media (Private) Limited (“ Borrower ”) and Zameen Limited (“ Lender ”). 
 
 With respect to the Loan Agreement , the Authorized Dealer vide its email dated 18 September 2020 issued instructions to the Borrower for submission of the following: 
 
 “ S hare holders' CNIC &amp; pa ssport copies of the following shareh olders if they are resident and nationality identification if they are non- resident and the source of investing abroad as per F E Manu al, Chapter 20, para 13 
 
 EMPG Holdings Limited 
 Imran Ali K han 
 Zeeshan Ali K han 
 Anam Tahir Baig 
 Mansour Ahsan 
 
 Frontier Digital Ventures Limited ( Shareholding % r equired of the following) 
 Mr Shaun Di Gregorio 
 Mr Anthony Cornelius Klok 
 Mr Mark Licciardo 
 
 Zameen Media Private Limited 
 All directors CNIC/ Passports if any and Shareholding % is r equired ” 
 
 Copy of the Authorized Dealer’s email date / d 1 8 .09.2020 is enclosed herewith as Annexure A . 
 
 In response to the above, please see our submissions herein below : 
 
 Please find enclosed herewith copies of CNIC/passport of the following individuals: 
 
 Imran Ali Khan – Annexure B/1 
 Zeeshan Ali Khan – Annexure B/2 
 Anam Tahir Baig – Annexure B/3 
 Mansour Ahsan – Annexure B/4 
 Shaun Di Gregorio – Annexure B/5 
 Anthony Cornelius Klok – Annexure B/6 
 Mark Licciardo – Annexure B/7 
 
 T he shareholding percentage of the directors of Frontier Digital Ventures Limited, namely Shaun Di Gregorio, Anthony Cornelius Klok and Mark Licciardo, is enclosed herewith as Annexure C . The shareholding percentage is also shown in the audited financial statements of Frontier Digital Ventures Limited for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, which is publicly available at the URL: https://frontierdv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/YE-2019.pdf . 
 
 The shareholding percentage of Zameen Media (Private ) Limited is shown in the latest Form A dated 11.05.2020 of the company, enclosed herewith as Annexure D . 
 
 It is submitted that the board of directors of Zameen Media (Private) Limited comprises of two directors, namely Zeeshan Ali Khan and Imran Ali Khan, as shown in the latest Form A dated 11.05.2020 of the company. A certified true copy of Form A dated 11.05.2020 is enclosed herewith as Annexure D . 
 
 The copies of CNICs of the directors of Zameen Media (Private) Limited are enclosed herewith as Annexure B/1 and B / 2. 
 
 With respect to the source of investing abroad , it is submitted that the underlying shareholding of Zeeshan Ali Khan and Imran Ali Khan arises out of funds earned from sources at a time prior to 2008. It is further submitted that in 2008, both Imran Ali Khan and Zeeshan Ali Khan were not residents in Pakistan and any investment made was from funds generated from foreign earnings prior to them being residents in Pakistan. 
 
 In light of the above, it is clarified that no money was remitted from Pakistan by Imran Ali Khan and Zeeshan Ali Khan for the subscription of their s hares in EMPG Holdings Limited. 
 
 In any event, Imran Ali Khan and Zeeshan Ali Khan are one of many shareholders in EMPG Holdings Limited and hold only a minority interest, the majority shareholding being with foreign entities and/or individuals. 
 
 We hope the above meets your requirements and that our application for registration of the Loan Agreement and remittance of the Loan Amount to the Borrower’s designated bank account maintained with the Authorized Dealer can be processed expeditiously . 
 
 Should you require any further clarification, p lease do not hesitate to contact us. 
 
 Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 ____ _______ ___ _ 
 Imran Ali Khan 
 Director