IN THE COURT OF CIVIL JUDGE, PESHAWAR 
 Suit No. 166/1 of 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mansoor Tariq 
 
 VERSUS 
 
 Zameen Media Pvt Ltd 
 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT FOR &amp; ON BEHALF OF DEFENDANT S 
 
 Preliminary Objection s ; 
 
 The titled suit has been filed against Zameen Media (Private) Limited through Defendants No.1 to 4 being its employees . The Zameen Media (Private) Limited ( “ Defendant Company ” ) is filing the instant written statement on behalf of Defendants through Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah, Associate Director (Admin &amp; Project Controls) who is well conversant with the facts of the case and is duly authorized in this behalf. 
 
 That at the outset the Defendant Company asserts that filing of the instant Written Statement may not be deemed as a waiver to its objections (stated hereinafter) as to the territorial jurisdiction of this Hon’ble C ourt to try the titled suit. 
 [ A Copy of the Board Resolution dated 31-10-2023 is attached herewith as Annex - A ] 
 
 That at the very outset, it is submitted that the instant Suit is without jurisdiction, absolutely misconceived, devoid of merits, has been filed with mala fide and in bad faith, without any cogent basis, based on extraneous considerations and against express provisions of law and settled dicta laid down by the superior courts, thus, merits dismissal at its inception. The Plaintiff has no cause of action against the Defendant, has failed to properly value the instant Suit and has failed to deposit the proper court fee; thus, the instant Suit is liable to be rejected in terms of Order VII Rule 11 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ CPC ”). 
 
 That the Defendant is primarily engaged in real estate marketing services, which, inter alia , includes real estate portal, real estate advertising, organization of real estate exhibitions and other such events, and promotion of the real estate business through electronic, print, social media. Further, the Defendant is well known in Pakistan for its quality of service, innovation and efficiency and also operates electronic/online real estate portal under the domain name “ www.zameen.com ” . 
 
 That by way of background, it is submitted that the Plaintiff was employed by the Defendant Company under the Employment Contract dated 03-09-2019 (hereinafter, the Employment Contract ). Clause 15 of the Employment Contract clearly provides that the courts at Lahore shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate on all matters relating to the employment. The said clause in the relevant part reads as under: 
 
 “ 15. Exclusive Jurisdiction 
 The Contract is made at Lahore and the Courts at Lahore shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of all matters arising under or pertaining to the Contract . ” 
 [A copy of the Employment Contract is attached as Annex-A /1 ] 
 
 The above-quoted Clause 15 of the Employment Contract is self-explanatory and leads to an inescapable conclusion that this Hon’ble Court lacks the territorial jurisdiction to try the titled suit. The suit is liable to be rejected on this score alone. 
 
 That without prejudice to the assertions made hereinabove, it may kindly be noted that as such the Plaintiff has no cause of action against the Defendant Company . The titled suit is liable to be dismissed on this score also. 
 
 That the suit of the P laintiff is bad in law. The titled suit has been filed under Section 10 and 19 of the Specific Relief Act, 1877 which have no application in the instant case. 
 
 The Plaintiff, to the extent of claim of his unpaid salaries has approached the wrong forum. This Hon’ble court lacks jurisdiction to entertain the claim of the Plaintiff due to overriding jurisdiction as provided in Payment of Wages Act, 1936 . 
 
 The P laintiff ha s concealed material facts from this Hon’ble Court to which he was under legal obligation to disclose. The plaintif f has been served with N otice of T ermination dated 14-0 4 -2023, which fact was well known to the P laintiff and he deliberately concealed it from this Hon’ble Court, hence the suit of the P laintiff needs to be dismissed on this score . 
 [A copy of the termination letter dated 14-04-2023 is attached as Annex-B ] 
 
 That the P laintiff ha s come to this Hon’ble Court with unclean hands. The Plaintiff was given Laptop, Mobile and internet device to perform his duties, and at the time of termination of his employment with the Defendant C ompany , t he P laintiff , being in custody of the D efendant Company ’s asset was duty bound to return the same within 05 days of notice of termination. The fact is mentioned in the notice of termination and has not been complied with by the P laintiff. 
 [A copy of the goods issuance form is attached as Annex-C ] 
 
 The suit of the P laintiff is pre- mature , therefore the P laintiff has no cause of action to file the instant suit. The Plaintiff has not fulfilled the exit formalities i.e return of company assets, sign exit form etc. as per the terms of the Employment Contract and the Defendant C ompany’s exit policies, to which the Plaintiff is well aware . Without fulfilling the exit formalities , he cannot raise any claim for his final settlement. 
 
 That the suit is not properly valued and no court fee is affixed with the P laint and is therefore liable to be rejected on this score also . 
 
 It is respectfully submitted that the question of territorial jurisdiction of this Hon’ble Court to try the titled suit and its maintainability may kindly be decided before its adjudication on merits. 
 
 PARAWISE REPLY 
 
 That t he c ontents of the corresponding are not related to the Defendant Company, hence need no reply. 
 
 That the contents of the corresponding para are not denied. However, Zameen.com is a trademark used by the Defendant Company . 
 
 That the contents of the corresponding para are a matter of record . Hence need no reply. 
 
 That the contents of the corresponding para are a matter of record . Hence need no reply. 
 
 Contents of the corresponding para are incorrect and misleading hence denied . The P laintiff was terminated due to a violation of the company policy . H owever , after filing P etition in NIRC , the matter was resolved and the Plaintiff’s services were rehired vide offer letter dated 30-09-2021. 
 [A copy of the offer letter dated 30-09-2021 is attached as Annexure-D ] 
 
 Contents of Para No.6 &amp; 7 pertains to record. The Plaintiff is put to strict proof. 
 
 Contents of Para No. 8 to 11 refer to a past and closed matter which had been resolved and closed in past. After filing a petition before the NIRC, Peshawar, the parties came to an amicable resolution of the matter and the Plaintiff was rehired in the company’s employment. He has been serving as Assistant Manager-Project Sales at Peshawar office till his termination dated 14-04-2023. 
 
 Contents of P ara No.12 are denied to the extent that the P laintiff was willing to give resignation, however for further clarification it is pertinent to mention here that the D efendant C ompany w ou nd up its operations from Peshawar and close d the regional office at Peshawar in the month of April 2023, therefore, the Plaintiff’s employment was terminated under the terms of Employment Contract . Furthermore, the demands of the P laintiff are alien to the D efendants and even if it was known to them, the same seems to be unreasonable and amounts to coercion and unlawful gain. The Plaintiff’s employment with the Defendant C ompany was being governed under the terms of the employment contract dated 03-09-2019, clause 10.2 gives the right to the Defendant C ompany to terminate the employment of the Plaintiff. 
 
 Contents of Para No.13 of the Plaint are vehemently denied as being incorrect and misleading. T he referred grievance notice has no legal backing as the services of the P laintiff were terminated vide termination letter dated 14-0 4 -202 3 served upon the P laintiff . The P laintiff is well aware of the fact of his termination letter and the contents mentioned therein and the grievance notice is a counterblast of the termination letter issued by the Defendant Company . As per contents, the P laintiff has to return the D efendant C ompany’s assets consisting of Laptop Dell Latitude 3520, Mobile phone Nokia G-10 and Zong 4G device, which are in the custody of the P laintiff , to process the final settlement after termination as per clause 10.8 of employment contract. 
 [A copy of the termination letter dated 14 - 04 -202 3 is attached as Annexure- E ] 
 
 Contents of P ara No.14 are denied for want of proof. The calculations will be finalized at the time of final settlement with the P laintiff after receiving the Defendant C ompany’s 
 assets lying with the P laintiff. The Plaintiff has already been duly informed that his final settlement cannot be processed until he surrender the Defendant C ompany assets and fulfill exit formalities. 
 
 Contents of P ara No.15 are Plaintiff’s figment of imagination hence denied. The P laintiff ’s employment with the Defendant C ompany was terminated on 14-0 4 -20 23 . The said letter is a termination letter not a resignation letter. Plaintiff’s illegal demands amounts coercion and unlawful gain which cannot be allowed. 
 
 Contents of Para No.16 to 18 are denied being incorrect, misleading, scandalous and want of proof. The Plaintiff was a contractual employee, his services have been terminated lawfully in terms of the employment contract. The Plaintiff has raised general allegation of arbitrariness, unfair practice, mala fide and victimization without specifying any instance of unfair practice, malafide and victimization which has no weightage. The Defendant C ompany being a corporate entity always follow the high standard of employment ethics, practices and protect the best interest and rights of its employees. The Plaintiff has raise d such allegation without iota of evidence. 
 
 Contents of Para No.19 are incorrect hence denied. The Plaintiff’s final settlement will be calculated once he fulfills exit formalities. The Plaintiff has not fulfilled his part of the obligation, therefore, he cannot demand the performance of other’s part. The Plaintiff’s suit is pre-mature and the grievance is superficial, hence cannot be entertained at this stage. 
 
 Contents of Para No.20 are misleading. This Hon’ble court lacks territorial jurisdiction as stated above in preliminary submissions the contents whereof may kindly be reiterated here. The Plaintiff’s claim before this hon’ble court is pre-mature hence not entertainable. This Hon’ble court lacks jurisdiction in respect of unpaid salary (as alleged by the P laintiff) due to overriding jurisdiction as provided in the Payment of Wages Act, 1936. Moreover, the claim of the P laintiff is pre-mature and subject to return of D efendant C ompany’s assets for final settlement as per employment agreement. Hence , the P laintiff has no cause of action to file the instant suit. 
 
 Para No.21 is mere repletion. Contents of para 16 above are reiterated here. 
 
 Contents of Para No.22 are incorrect hence d enied as laid. The suit is not properly valued and no court fee is affixed on the P laint. The plaint is liable to be rejected on this score. 
 
 
 PRAYER 
 
 It is therefore respectfully prayed that the suit filed by the plaintiff may kindly be dismissed with cost . 
 
 
 
 
 Defendant s 
 Zameen Media (Pvt.) Ltd 
 
 Through 
 
 
 
 ___________________ 
 Taimur Noor 
 Advocate High Court 
 
 
 AFFIDAVIT 
 
 I, Syed Hasan Ali Shah son of Syed Ghulam Ali Shah being authorized representative of Zameen Media (Pvt.) Ltd/Defendant s , do hereby solemnly affirm and declare on oath that as per the information received and record the contents of the above written statement are true and correct and nothing material has been concealed or withheld from this Hon’ble Court. 
 
 
 
 ______________ 
 Deponent 
 Syed Hasan Ali Shah