TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF LICENSE 
 This conditional L icense to occupy is grant ed to the Licensee with respect to the Licensed U nit (the “Unit” ) for the duration of the l icense p eriod (the “ License Period ”) subject to the following: 
 
 The Licens e is strictly for the permitted use under the building rules of Zameen Opal (the “ Building Rules ”) and subject to the terms thereof, along with the Agreement to Sell . 
 
 Th is License is only a permission to occupy the Unit , including one (1) designated parking space as specified under Clause 8 of the Agreement to Sell , and does not create or transfer any right, title or interests in the Unit in favour of the Licensee. 
 
 Th is License is conditional upon strict compliance by the Licensee of: 
 
 timely p ay ment of monthly service charges (the “ Service Charges ”) in clear funds as proportionate contribution towards the management, administration, maintenance , control and safety; 
 Building Rules , including but not limited to the permitted use specified therein ; 
 m aint aining the Unit in habitable and liveable cond i tion ; 
 timely payment of monthly utility charges with respect to the Unit; and 
 timely payment of Instalments pertaining to the applicable Payment Plan for payment of the Purchase Price. 
 
 The Licensee shall have the right to sublicense the Unit during the License P eriod subject to issuance of a NOC by the Licensor/Developer/Zameen Opal management on such terms and conditions as specified by the Licensor. A sublicense will be issued on the same terms and conditions and subject to completion of the necessary formalities and documentation . 
 
 This License does not create a landlord – tenant relationship between the Licensor and Licensee. 
 
 The Licensee indemnifies the Licensor from all losses, claims (including third party), damages or any other liability. 
 
 T his License shall stand immediately terminated: 
 upon lapse of L icen s e P eriod; 
 upon expiry of the notice period issued by the Licensor for breach of any of these terms by the Licensee which has not been remedied within specified time; and 
 upon default on payment of a ny sums due under the Agreement to Sell. 
 
 The Licensee or the Sub-Licensee , as the case maybe , shall peacefully handover the vacant possession of the Unit to the Licensor within 30 (thirty) days from the date of termination, except for clause 7(iii) above . 
 
 No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved by the Licens or under this L icense is intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be cumulative of every other right or remedy. The Licens or ’s failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under this L icense will not operate as a waiver thereof. 
 
 Th e Licensor shall have the authority to modify or amend the terms of this License and any Sublicense granted under this License .