FIRST AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Dubizzle Labs (SMC-Private) Limited (formerly known as
EMPG Labs (SMC-Private) Limited) ("Lessee")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ("First Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 16th October, 2021
4th August, 2023.
("Lease Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this ____
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, an area measuring five thousand (5000) sq. ft,
on 3 floor of the building named and styled as "Mega Tower", located at 63-B, Main
Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 16" April, 2023 ("Effective Date").

2.

The Parties agree that the monthly rent of the Demised Premises is increased by sevenpoint seven percent (7.7%) from the Effective Date. Accordingly, the monthly rent payable
by the Lessee to the Lessor from the Effective Date shall be Rs. 411,775 (Rupees Four
Hundred Eleven Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-Five) per month exclusive of all
taxes ("Monthly Rent"). For the avoidance of doubt, the next annual increment on Monthly
Rent will be applicable with effect from 16th April 2024.

3.

All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.

4.

This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.

5.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

6.

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.

Lessor's Initials:

Page lof 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

First Amendment

SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor

For and on behalf of Lessee

Naveed Shah

Mariam Saleem Akbar

CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

Director Admin & Procurement

WITNESSES

4-1

Na me:
CNIC:

(ç2)

77(

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

/// /'/

t -//