THIRD AMENDMENT
to Lease Agreement
by and between
Mr. Naveed Shah ("Lessor") and Zameen Developments (Private) Limited ("Lessee")
[Each a 'Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This third amendment ('Third Amendment") to the Lease Agreement dated 8th January, 2021
further amended through First Amendment dated 16th October, 2021 and Second Amendment
dated 1st September, 2023 (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Lease Agreement") is
made and entered into at Lahore on this 28th October, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Lease Agreement wherein the Lessor granted on lease, and
the Lessee took on lease from the Lessor, half of the ground floor, measuring seventy-five
hundred (7500) sq. ft., of the commercial building named and styled as "Mega Tower",
located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Lease Agreement as per the
terms and conditions of this Third Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The Third Amendment shall come into force on 1st January, 2026 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Lease Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree to
extend the term of the Lease Agreement for a period of two (2) years commencing from
the Effective Date and ending on 31st December, 2027 ("Extended Term").
The Third Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Lease Agreement.
All other terms and provisions in the Lease Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein. In the
event of any conflict, the terms of this Third Amendment shall prevail, and any conflicting
term in the Lease Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
All expressions and terms defined or used in the Lease Agreement shall bear the same
meaning in this Third Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.
The Third Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this Third Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

Lessor's InitaIs:

Page 1 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials:

Third Amendment

t

SIGNED

For and on behalf of Lessor
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Lessee
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:

Name:

CNIC: I4(2? -SI6E

CNIC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

AceL

*-jMA
-7

FIRST AMENDMENT
to Maintenance Services Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("First Party") and Zameen Developments (Private) Limited ("Second
Party")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ("First Amendment") to the Maintenance Services Agreement dated gth
January, 2021 ("Maintenance Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 28th
October, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Maintenance Agreement for management of an area
measuring seventy-five hundred (7500) sq. ft, on ground floor of the building named and
styled as "Mega Tower", located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore ("Demised
Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Maintenance Agreement as
per the terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 1st January, 2024 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Maintenance Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree
to extend the term of the Maintenance Agreement for a period of four (4) years,
commencing from the Effective Date and ending on 31st December, 2027 ("Extended
Term").

3.

With effect from 1st January 2025:
3.1. the Second Party shall charge to the First Party, an amount of Rs. 4 (Rupees Four)
per square feet, exclusive of all taxes, for the water and sewerage services.
3.2. The First Party, for the uninterrupted supply of electricity through generators, shall
maintain two separate meters along with ATS Panel and shall charge the Second
Party for the use of generator a rate of Rs. 80 (Rupees Seventy) per unit utilized,
exclusive of all taxes, where one unit is equal to one KWH (the 'Generator
Charges"). The Generator Charges shall be paid by the Second Party in arrears
within fifteen (30) days of the date of receipt of invoice issued by the First Party. In
addition to above, the Second Party shall also charge Rs. 7500 (Rupees SeventyFive Hundred) fixed line rent, exclusive of all taxes, for use of Genset.

4.

All other terms and provisions in the Maintenance Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply
and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein
.-..-

First Party's Initials:

Second Party's initials:
C

Page 1 of2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

c

In the event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any
conflicting term in the Maintenance Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
5.

This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Maintenance Agreement.

6.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Maintenance Agreement shall bear the
same meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

7.

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

t
For and on behalf of First Party
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Second Party
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director

WITNESSES

Name:

Name:

CNIC:

CNlC:

Page 2 of 2
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

-4i)---

9: )I 7