~

1.

-

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN

ZAMEEN AXIS (PRIVATE) LIMITE D

AND

EARTHLINK DEVELOPMENTS LLP

THIS JOfNT VE TURE AGR EEME T (the "AgreemenC) is entered into at Islamabad on this
28111 day of December, 2020 by and between:

ZAMEEN AXIS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/ 1, Pearl
One, M.M. A lam Road, G ulberg III , Lahore, acting through its authorized
representati ve Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which
expression shall, where the context so perm its. be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);
AND
EARTHLINK DEVELOPMENTS LLP, a firm incorporated and existing under
the laws of Pakistan and having its reg istered office at First Floor, Plaza No. 37.
Ascon Heights, C ivic Centre, Phase IV, Bahria Town, Islamabad, acting through
its authorized representative Muhammad Mubusher Hayat (hereinafter referred
to as "Earthlink" which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed
to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns).
(Zameen and Earthlink shall here inafter also be referred to individuall y as a " Party" and
collectively as the " Parties").

------- LINK
EARTH

DEVELOPMENTS LLP

,.ffls T1E;D\
ISII~~?rn MAU K.TtA.N1

Not:a.~ PubU""'
!
c)(:A"n: tilGI I _:"OUIU !.~

-

-

-

L

....

- ···-·

.

.

·.: .

":.{- ~ ..:

.

.. ..,'• ....' f ·...~~ .. : :;.....'
,:·

.
L

;

.I

.•

•

~

.

:

~:~~

·..
..··· :

~

..
)

:'

.

.

I '

. .

. ".} ·'.. ...... .
.

'

~

..

-~

WHEREAS:
(A)

Each of Zameen and Earthlink are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects.

(B)

The Parties desire and agree to undertake a mutually beneficial project in the named
and styled as mutually agreed between the Parties on the Proj ect Land located at
Plot No. 95-E situated in Bahria Paradise Commercial Area, Bahria Town Phase 6,
G.T. Road, Bahria Town, Islamabad (the '·Project Land'").

(C)

In order to undertake the Project on the Proj ect Land, the Parties have agreed that
they will undertake, manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under
the laws of Pakistan and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this
Agreement.

(D)

T he Parties acknowledge givi ng the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the fo regoi ng understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set fo rth, the Parties agree as fo llows:

l.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"Agreement" means thi s Agreement concluded between the Parties inc luding all
Annex ures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale Instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Proj ect the time w hen the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture fo r sale to the public.
"Complex" means the mixed-use bui lding consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Proj ect Master Plan.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under C lause 12.3.
"Construction" means the technical supervision, civi l eng ineering and
construction supervision, supervision of the design stage, quality contro ls,
implementation of the Project and management services, which includes without
limitation the entire Project management, detailed supervision of the Works and
coordination between consultants and Contractors, to achieve complete
construction and development of the Proj ect in accordance with the Project Master
Plan and the Schedule of Wo rks.

~

J_Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to

~0~,~tween the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.

tt....~~~;~~-<.,S\.:

~r '-P~
~~~~

-z~

··construction Contractor'" means the contractor appointed by the .Joint Venture

in accordance with the Criteria for Selection to construct and develop the Project,
which shall be a reputable local or international tirm(s).
··Criteria for· Selection'· means the sched ule containing the criteria and parameters

to be developed by the Project Management Committee fo r selection of the
Construction Contractor.
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours

Paki stan time, unless specitied herein as starting ti·om a diffe rent hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to

Clause 12.
"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parti es.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge. mortgage. charge.

hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
··Fair Market Value·' means the value of the Project, .Joint Venture or Project

Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Val uer.
"Feasibility Repor·f' means the report detailing the projected or estimated costs,

returns, revenue and prol·i ts of the Project prepared, agreed and duly signed by the
Parties at the time of submi ssion of final drawings to the relevant Government
Authorit y(ies) which shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement.
"Events of Default" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1.
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Paki stan and/or any

mini stry, department or political subdivision thereof includ ing but not limited to
local and municipal authorities such as the Capital Development Authority . Bahria
Town (Private) Limited or any person exercising executive, legislative. regulatory
or administrative functions on behalf of" the forego ing including. without lim itation
those persons, otlices and/or entities responsible for the regulation, certification
and approval of building and bui lding services design and construction, roads,
trafti c. electricity and water transmission and distribution, telecommunications,
wastewater and sewage, and all environmental, archaeological and historicaL
touri sm and public health matters.
·'Jnitial Construction'· means the construction of the site office and excavation of

Project Land.
·'Initial Portion of Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in

Clause 4.1.7 (a).

"Initial Contribution" means the funds agreed to be contributed, initially to the
Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in C lause 3 .1.
"Irreconcilable Deadlock" means the inability of the Parties to agree concerning
any Majo r Decision and the continuance of such disagreement after ten ( I 0)
consecutive days of Senior Officers attempting to resolve the same in good faith.
"Joint Venture" means the joint venture establ ished between Zameen and
Earth link fo r the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms hereof.
"Landowner" means Bahria Town (Private) Limited.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, o rder, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or g iven effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 8.1. 1
'·Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and "Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month acco rding to the Gregorian calendar.
'·Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Tota l Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with C lause 12.8.
"Outstanding Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under
C lause 4. 1.7 (b).
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
··Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in C lause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
c struction and maintenance of the Complex its marketing and sales and all
activities materially incidental thereto.

~

"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Complex, MEP, drainage, sewage and structura l
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to the Bahria Town (Private) Limited and Capital Development Authority, with
respect to the Project.

~ \~\(Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in C lause 4 .2(e).
1t'1~'-:,s \..\..~

~~C\..Q~l')\t.~
Qt.'l ...

"Project Commencement Date" means the date of recei pt of Project A pprovals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means w hen the Proj ect is full y completed as per the
Proj ect Master Plan and, except as othe rwise mutually agreed between the Part ies,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.
"Project Land" means the land measuring 4. 78 Kana ls located at Plot No 95-E
situated in Ba hria Paradise commercial, Bahria Town Phase 6, on G.T. Road,
Rawalpindi, as identified in Annexure A.
"Project Land Cost" means the consideration fo r the Proj ect Land to be paid to
the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with C lause 4 .1.
·'Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in C lause 4. 1.5.
'·Project Management Committee"' means the committee formed pursuant to
C lause 5 of this Agreeme nt fo r the overall management ofthe Proj ect.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and proj ect schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, inc lud ing
any contracts through w hich the Units w ill be agreed to be sold, sold and ulti mately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds rea lized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall inc lude the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sales in Months prior to the Effective Date.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out fo r the completion of the
Proj ect, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from ti me to time.
"Senior Officers" means (a) Mr. Muhammad Mubusher Hayat for Earthl ink, and
(b) M r. Zeeshan Ali Khan fo r Zameen.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effecti ve Date and, un less this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Proj ect Completion
or as otherwise mutua lly agreed in writing between the Parties.
"T I Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
·oceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residentia l and commercia l units inc luding shops and
apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required fo r the completion of the Com plex.
1.2

Interpretation
ln this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:
A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a C lause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a C lause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them ;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactment' s or replacements of any of them;

(e)

The singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(f)

the word " person" includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated
association or an authority;

(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day ;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on w hich banks are open for general banking business in Lahore,
Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day;

(I)

reference to ' w ri tten' or 'writing' means any hand-wri tten, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimi le transmission .

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2.1

The Parties agree and understand that the Proj ect will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. T he sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Proj ect Land.

2.2

During the pendency of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or
permit/facilitate the utilization of the Proj ect Land or any part thereof fo r any
~
purpose other than the Project.

his Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the

Effec~\).~~
\)

Date. This Agreement shall continue in full fo rce and effect for the Term or suc:s,..~f~~~S
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminat~~ '-'0~~
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
\J~~~

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3. 1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3.1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall b
follows:

Page 7 of'29