Docusign Envelope ID: BE079BC4-1BFC-842D-8155-E429C9FCAD6A

EMPG CLASSIFIEDS (PK) HOLDINGS LIMITED
(the “Company”)
MINUTES of the meeting of the board of directors of the Company held on 8th June 2026 (the
“Meeting”), taking place in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Present:
Imran Ali Khan (Chairman)
Zeeshan Ali Khan
1.

PURPOSE OF THE MEETING

1.1. Imran Ali Khan was appointed Chairman of the Meeting. It was noted that the Meeting has been
duly convened and that a quorum was present.
1.2. The Chairman reported that the purpose of the Meeting was to consider and, if deemed fit,
approve the following:

2.

i.

the revocation of the resolutions passed during the meeting of the board of directors of
the Company held on 16th April 2026 (the “Prior Resolutions”) in their entirety, and the
rescission of the corresponding meeting minutes;

ii.

the proposed removal (the “Removal”) of Ibrahim Suheyl from his position as the
Company’s nominee director of Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited (the
“Target Company”); and

iii.

the appointment of Maira Zubair and Muhammad Asad Kazi as the Company’s nominee
directors of the Target Company (the “Appointments”).

DECLARATION OF INTEREST

2.1. The Directors noted the requirement to comply with their duties to the Company, including the
duties set out in section 75 of the Companies Law 2018. These include the duty to declare interests
in proposed transactions and arrangements with the Company and a separate obligation to declare
interests in existing transactions and arrangements with the Company.
2.2. The directors present declared that they had no interest in the matters to be discussed at the
Meeting and therefore were not debarred from voting or being counted in the quorum under the
articles of association of the Company.
3.

RESOLUTIONS

3.1. IT WAS RESOLVED THAT:
a.

the Prior Resolutions be revoked in their entirety and the corresponding meeting minutes
be rescinded;

b.

Ibrahim Suheyl be removed from his position as the Company’s nominee director of the
Target Company;

Docusign Envelope ID: BE079BC4-1BFC-842D-8155-E429C9FCAD6A

c.

Maira Zubair and Muhammad Asad Kazi be nominated and appointed as the Company’s
nominee directors of the Target Company; and

d.

each director of the Company and/or Ifzal Mohammed Majid (authorised signatory of the
Company) is authorised:
i.

to do all such other acts and things and agree on behalf of the Company all such other
documents to which the Company is a party and all other documents as may be
required to revoke the Prior Resolutions and implement the Removal and the
Appointments which may in their opinion be necessary or desirable in connection
with the revocation of the Prior Resolutions, the Removal and the Appointments; and

ii.

to execute any such documents on behalf of the Company or in the presence of a
witness (if any document is required to be executed as a deed), subject in each case
to such amendments as they think fit.

3.2. The execution or signing of any document referred to above by a person authorised to execute or
sign the same shall be conclusive evidence of the due authorisation by the Company of the
execution or signing of such documents.
4.

FILING
IT WAS RESOLVED that any director of the Company or Ifzal Mohammed Majid (authorised
signatory of the Company) may make all necessary and appropriate entries in the books and
registers of the Company and to arrange for the necessary forms and documents to be filed with
the relevant authorities to reflect the revocation of the Prior Resolutions, the Removal and the
Appointments.

5.

CLOSE
There being no further business, the Chairman declared the Meeting closed.

………………………………………..
Chairman