PROJECT PROMOTION AGREEMEN T 
 This Project Promotion Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this [● DATE] day of [●MONTH] [●YEAR] by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , trading as Zameen.com, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Adil Ahmad Kamal (“ Zameen Media ”) 
 AND 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDALLION (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Luqman Muhammad Rafiq (“ Zameen Medallion ”) 
 
 (Zameen Media and Zameen Medallion shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as “ Zameen ”, which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 AND 
 [● DEVELOPER ], a [●private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan] with its registered office at [●ADDRESS] (“ Customer ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( Zameen and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ” ) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Customer is undertaking a real estate project, named and styled as [●] [PROJECT NAME], comprising [●] towers with [●] [residential/commercial plots/units/apartments], based on an area of [●] [DIMENSIONS] square yards and located at [ ● ADDRESS] (“ Project ”) ; 
 
 Zameen is in the business of providing digital solutions and Services to real estate developers, including inter alia IT and IT-enabled services and other related services such as branding, ATL and BTL activities ; and 
 
 The Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for performance of Services by Zameen with respect to the Project, including access to and utilization of Zameen ’ s online portal , and the Customer has granted exclusive rights to Zameen in this regard, as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Zameen and the Customer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 DEFINITIONS: 
 
 Buyer means any person, company or entity that purchases any U nit in the Project, jointly or individually. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5. 4. 
 
 Competent Authority means any federal, provincial or local government or any other comp et ent authority empowered by law , department or regulatory body which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement. 
 
 Defaulting Charges will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1 6 .2. 
 
 Development Charges means any payment(s) to be made by a Buyer for the purpose of development of the Project. 
 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form. 
 
 Inventory means , out of the total [●] Units in the Project, [NUMBER] residential and [●] [NUMBER] commercial plots available for the Zameen to sell, as listed in Annexure A. While the number of the Units in the Project may vary as a result of structural reorganisation, the square footage of the Project (per Annexure F ) shall remain unchanged. Any additional [ ●residential or commercial plots/apartment] in the Project sold by Zameen as well as any Units created as a result of aforementioned structural reorganisation of the Project shall be deemed to be a part of the Inventory in Annexure A . 
 
 Permitted Discounts means the maximum discounts that the Customer has permitted Zameen to include in its brand ing material and extend to the Buyers , as per Clause 7. 
 
 Premium means, where the Sale Price is higher than the Quoted Price of a Unit, the difference between the two . 
 
 Quoted Price means the price of any Unit in the Project as specified in the Price Schedule in Annexure B . Any price variation due to the Unit’s location, view, extra size, or any other additional or special facilities, application of any discount under Clause 7.2, shall be deemed to be a part of the Quoted Price. 
 
 Sale Price means the price of any Unit in the Project at which the same is actually sold to any Buyer(s) after any applicable discounts, unless otherwise specified. For avoidance of doubt, Sale Price will always be construed as the overall price of a Unit payable by the Buyer irrespective of any deposit, down payment, or a failure on the part of a Buyer to pay future instalments. 
 
 Schedule of Work has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9. 1 3 . 
 
 Services means all services to be provided by Zameen during the Service Period of this Agreement, including IT and IT-enabled s ervices , and the branding s ervices, as more specifically described in Annexure D . 
 
 Service Period has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.1. 
 
 Service Fee means the fee to be charged for providing the Services, as stipulated in Clause 5.1. 
 
 Unit means a single residential or commercial plot in the Project as listed in the Inventory in Annexure A. For avoidance of doubt, Unit shall be understood to include any Mortgaged Unit locked for sale, but shall not include Reserved Unit, where: 
 
 Reserved Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) reserved by the Customer exclusively for [●] [PURPOSE]. For avoidance of doubt, Reserved Unit shall not be available for sale by Zameen unless specifically authorised by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Reserved Unit released by the Customer shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement. 
 
 Mortgaged Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) pledged to/locked for sale by the development authority or any other competent authority for any lawful purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, any Mortgaged Unit released shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement . 
 
 SERVICE PERIOD &amp; SCOPE: 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective from [ ●D ate] for a period of [ ● ], subject to Clause 13.1 below (“ Service Period ”). 
 
 The Parties are entering into this Agreement whereby Zameen Media shall have the exclusive rights for the provision of Services or any other service related thereto, with respect to the Inventory, and Zameen Medallion shall have the right to collect from the Buyers, on behalf of the Customer, the down payment up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price of Unit (s) sold by Zameen and disbursement of payments to the Parties accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement, along with all Annexures attached herewith and the terms of use as stated on Zameen ’s website shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto, and applies to the Inventory of the Project as listed in Annexure A, and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral understanding or communication between the Parties. 
 
 This Agreement may be extended or modified, through written mutual agreement between the Parties, in accordance with Clause 12, to inter alia include further unit(s) and inventory available with the Customer in the Project or in any other project(s) undertaken by the Customer. 
 
 Any terms used in this Agreement in the singular, where the context so permits, shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa. 
 EXCLUSIVITY 
 
 Zameen shall have the exclusive right to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. In this regard, the Project shall be exclusively advertised and marketed through the utilization of the Services and Zameen shall have the exclusive selling rights in respect of the Project. The Customer shall not grant such rights to any other company, entity or person during the Service Period . Further, the Customer shall exclusively utilize Zameen ’s Services for the Project to the exclusion of any other similar online portal . 
 
 Customer hereby agrees that neither the Customer nor any other person(s)/entity( ies ), authorised by the Customer, shall advertise or market the Project and/ or sell any Units in the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement, nor shall any third party provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that Zameen shall have the right to authorize any third part y , including estate agencies, property agents/dealers or any other entity, company or person, at its sole discretion, to sell the Units of the Project, or to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Customer hereby grants to Zameen , for up to 1 (one) year of termination of this Agreement, the right of first refusal to sell and to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, with respect to any other inventory available in the Project and/or in any other real estate project(s) undertaken by the Customer. Provided that : 
 
 The Customer is under no obligation and shall have exclusive discretion to make available for sale any unit at any time; and 
 
 The right of first refusal shall extend to any Reserved or Mortgaged Unit or any other unit or inventory made available for sale during the Service Period of this Agreement or within 1 (one) year of termination hereof, notwithstanding whether a Reserved or Mortgaged Unit is made available for sale by the Customer or a third party to whom Customer may have transferred such Unit 
 
 The right of first refusal under Clause 3.4 shall be exclusively granted to Zameen on the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen shall provide the Services as more fully described in Annexure D , and, in this connection, to the extent required, also utilize its online portal for the branding and selling of the Project as per the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Customer acquiring all necessary approvals and no-objection certificates for the Project from the C ompetent A uthorities. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that for performance of Services under this Agreement, Zameen shall have the absolute right and discretion to determine the mediums used to deliver the Services with respect to the Project, including inter alia determining the appropriate strategy, budget and platforms to utilise. 
 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 As consideration for the Services performed by Zameen under this Agreement and utilization of Zameen ’ s online portal , Zameen shall be entitled to a fee equal to [ ● WORDS ] percent ([ ● ]%) of the Sale Price OR Quoted Price of all Units sold during the Service Period of the Agreement (“ Service Fee ”). 
 
 In the event that Premium is earned on the sale of a Unit, the Customer shall pay fifty percent ( 50% ) of the Premium (“ Zameen ’ s Share of Premium ”) to Zameen . 
 
 Subject to the permitted discounts in Clauses 7.2 and 7.3 below, the Parties agree that , for the purpose of payment of fees to Zameen under this Agreement, a Unit shall be deemed sold if a minimum of ten percent ( 10% ) of the Sale Price of such Unit has been paid by the Buyer . 
 
 In the event of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than ten percent ( 10% ) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer, Zameen shall not be entitled to any Service Fee. However, in the event that Customer charges the Buyer any cancellation fee, 50% (fifty percent) of such fee shall be paid to Zameen (“ Cancelled Unit Fee ”). 
 
 Zameen shall not be entitled to any Service Fee with respect to the cancellation of sale of any Unit(s) under Clause 5.4 above. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit, Zameen shall brand and sell such cancelled Unit as per the terms of this Agreement and subject to applicable fee(s) hereunder. 
 
 In the event that any Unit is sold by Zameen at one hundred percent (100% ) upfront payment, Service Fee shall be charged in full at the Sale Price/Quoted Price of the Unit before OR after deduction of applicable discount(s), if any. 
 
 The Customer understands and confirms that Zameen shall be entitled to the Service Fee in respect of the branding and sale of every Unit during the Service Period of this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Unit(s) have been branded and sold by Zameen , the Customer or any third party and notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and/or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any such Unit. 
 
 Zameen ’ s staff shall strictly adhere to the clauses specified in this Agreement and schedules specified in the Annexures hereto regarding the branding and sales of the Project. 
 
 BRANDING AND SALES 
 
 Zameen shall initiate services subject to the Customer fulfilling the f ollowing obligations within thirty (30) days of the signing of this Agreement (“ Mobilisation Time ”): 
 
 Provide to Zameen , all necessary approvals for the Project from the relevant development, local, municipal authority or any other Competent Authority ; and 
 
 Provide to Zameen all necessary documents and materials required for branding purposes (“ Preparatory Materials ” ) . 
 
 Zameen shall be entitl ed to undertake and perform the Services and related services required to be provided under this Agreement, along with any other services related thereto, from any office or place deemed appropriate by Zameen at its sole and absolute discretion . 
 
 Zameen shall brand and sell the Inventory listed in Annexure A in accordance with the Price Schedule in Annexure B , exclusive of Development Charges if applicable. Customer agrees and confirms that the Development Charges shall not be claimed from the Buyer in respect of any Unit for a minimum of [ ● DURATION] after sale of such Unit. 
 
 The Parties agree that Zameen shall offer, at its discretion, to any Buyer any one of the payment plans specified in Annexure C . 
 
 In respect of the Services, Zameen shall achieve periodical sales targets under this Agreement in [ ● ] cycles wherein the first cycle consists of [ ● ] months while the second and third cycle consists of [ ● ] months each (“ Periodic Cycle ”) as fully defined in Annexure E (“ Sales Targets ”). Provided that the Sales Targets will commence subject to fulfilment of obligations by the Customer under Clause s 6.1 and 9.1 7 . Any delay on the part of the Customer with respect to the aforementioned clauses shall result in an automatic extension of time allotted to the Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement which shall be at least equal to the time of delay on the part of the Customer . 
 
 Any Reserved or Mortgaged Unit sold during the Service Period of this Agreement shall count towards the Sales Targets set-out in Annexure E . 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen is unable to meet a minimum of seventy percent (70% ) of the periodical Sales Targets during the corresponding Periodic Cycle as specified in Annexure E , the exclusivity granted to Zameen under Clause 3.1 may be revoked, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen sells [●] percent ( [●%] ) of the total Inventory by the end of the Service Period , the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by [●] ([●]) months (“ Extension ”). 
 
 PRICE CONTROL AND PERMITTED DISCOUNTS 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that the Quoted Price of any Unit, as per the Price Schedule in Annexure B , shall remain fixed during the Service Period of this Agreement, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties hereto, subject to market conditions. 
 
 Zameen shall be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a discount of ten percent ( 10% ) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at one hundred percent (100%) upfront payment, and a discount of five percent (5% ) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at fifty percent (50% ) upfront payment. 
 
 Zameen shall also be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a further discount of [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] NUMBERS%) to any Buyer on the sale of any Unit, independent of and/or in addition to the permitted discounts in Clause 7.2 above . 
 
 The Customer acknowledges and agrees that Zameen shall have the right to give/offer any discounts permitted in the Clauses 7.2 and 7.3 above, individually and/or cumulatively, as the case may be to any Buyer . 
 
 PAYMENT 
 
 Customer hereby undertakes to pay Zameen Service Fees in the following manner: 
 
 Customer shall pay [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price to Zameen on payment of [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price to Zameen on payment of further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer, taking the aggregate down payment/instalment(s) to [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price, along with Zameen’s Share of Premium (if any) due under the terms of this Agreement, to Zameen on payment of further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer, taking the aggregate down payment/instalment(s) to [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee shall be payable by the Customer to Zameen Media (Private) Limited as and when a sale may be cancelled. 
 
 In the event that more than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price is paid by the Buyer as a single up front down payment/instalment(s), the proportionate Service Fee on pro-rata basis shall be paid to Zameen in accordance with Clause 8.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen shall invoice the Customer within three (3) days after every sale of a Unit(s), payment of every down payment/instalment(s), cancellation of sale by the Buyer or for any other fee/payment due to Zameen under this Agreement . Customer shall pay and clear all such invoices in accordance with Annexure K , within three (3) working days of the date of such invoice, notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and/or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any Unit. 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that any dispute or objection in respect of any invoice of Zameen shall be intimated to Zameen in writing within three (3) days from the date of invoice. If Zameen does not receive an objection within three (3) days from the date of invoice, then it shall be deemed that the Customer accepts the invoice. Moreover, the Customer shall have no right to raise any objection after the lapse of three (3) days from the date of invoice. 
 
 Within [ ● ] day(s) of acceptance of the invoice or resolution of any objection under clause 8. 4 above , the payments collected from the Buyer(s) shall be disbursed by Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited after adjustment of any Service Fee, Zameen’s Share of Premium and/or any other charges, payments or fees payable to Zameen under this Agreement, as illustrated in Annexure K . All disbursements to th