FIRST ADDENDUM TO THE TERMINATION AGREEMENT DATED 23-07-2024

This addendum is prepared on 23rd Day of July, 2024 at Multan
BY AND BETWEEN:
1. Zameen Centre (SMC-Private) Limited, a company duly incorporated under the laws

of Pakistan, and having its registered office at 3rd Floor, Pearl One 94-B/1, MM A lam
Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Adil Ahmad
Kamal (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which expression sha ll, where the context
so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators
and assigns).
AND
2. ZI Universal (Private) Limited , a company duly incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, and having its registered office at 3rd Floor, Pearl One 94-B/1, MM Alam
Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali
Khan (hereinafter referred to as " ZIU" which expression shall, where the context so
permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and
assigns)
AND
3. AASH Projects (Private) Limited, a company duly incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, and having its registered office at 3rd Floor, Pearl One 94-B/1, MM Alam
Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Adil Ahmad
Kamal (hereinafter referred to as "Aash" which expression shall, where the context so
permits, be deemed to mean and inc ludes its successors-in-interest, administrators and
assigns).
AND
4. Prosyon (Private) Limited, a company duly incorporated under the laws of Paki stan,
and having its registered office at Grand Enclave Hotel, Akbar Road (next to Toyota
Airport Motors) New Airport Road Lahore Punjab, acting through its authorized
representative Muhammad Tariq Saadat (hereinafter referred to as "Prosyon" which
expression sha ll, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns)
AND
5. Mr. Muhammad Tariq Saadat, son of Muhammad Saadat Ali, holding CNIC No.
35202-65 05563-5, resident of House No. I 09-E/1 , Ha li Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore
("MTS", w hich expression shall mean and include, where the context so requires or
admits, hi s legal heirs, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns);
AND

6. Mr. Mian Khurram Akbar, son of Mian Akbar Husain, holding CN IC No. 914000216185-5, resident of 109-E/ 1, Hali Road, Gulberg III, Lahore ("MKA", which
expression shall mean and include, where the context so requires or admits, his legal
heirs, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns)
A termination agreement was executed between the parties on 23-07-2024 (hereinafter
referred to as " Existing Agreement"). That now parties with their free consent agree to amend
the Existing Agreement and following new clauses shall be added to the Existing Agreement.
i.

Confidentiality and Reputation :

All parties to this contract undertake not to disclose any information relating to this
contract and/or information contained in this contract and/or any information relating
to the exist framework with any third party under any circumstances.
All parties further undertake that they will not either directly or indirectly, by
themselves or through any person, impugn and/or malign the reputation of any party
or individual relating to this contract, the project and DCD. No malicious and/or
defamatory campaign wi ll be launched and/or caused by any party and/or ind ividual
associated to the parties to this contract in any form whatsoever at any forum
whatsoever.
ii.

Access to SECP Portal:

Group A wi ll not upload and submit any accounts or financials on the SECP portal
prior to the transfer of shares of Group Bin SECP records, except as may be directed
by the SECP. Even in such case, Group A will not upload and submit any accounts or
financials on the SECP portal that incorrectly show that the same have been approved
by any member of Group B. In the event anything is required from Group B with
regard to completing the records of their share transfer in SECP records, Group B shall
faci litate to ensure the same is completed as per SECP requirements. For the removal
of doubts , it is clarified that word "facilitate" for the purposes of this clause will not
mean signing of accounts and financials by Group B.
iii.

No other Change

It is agreed between the parties no other change shall be made in the Existing
Agreement without the consent of the parties in writing and the Agreement shall
remain same.
This Addendum shall be made an integral part of the Existing Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto executed this addendum the day and year first above
written:

~

Mr. Muhammad Tariq Saadat_ _ _ _ __

Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan_ _ __ _ __

4iL:flt r ~

Mr. Mian Khurram Akbar

Witness

uU'

--~-----------------

This addendum is prepared on 2J<d Day of July, 2024 at Multan
BY AND BETWEEN:

I . Zameeri Centre (SMC-Private) Limited. a ~ompany duly incorporate.ch·;ride~·1 r;rj:~~x.?·:~:·-f':;:.,;.}~~f2*,~:~~:~{1~i::1~:.::
offaki sta.o, .~nd having its registered oftice at 3rd Floor. Pearl On~ 94-B/1, MM A lam · ·
.;;· ·
Road. Gul berg Ill. Lahore, acting through its authorized representative A dil- Ahmad
·· ·,-:
Kamal (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen .. which expression shal l, where the context
so' penn'its. be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest. admin istrators
and assigns).

AND

2. ZI Universal (Private) Limited , a company dul y incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, and having its registered oftice at 3rd Floor. Pearl One 94-B/1, MM Alam
Road. Gu lberg Ill , Lahore. acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali
Khan (hereinafter referred to as ··zJu-· which expression shall. where the context so
permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest. admin istrators and
assigns)
AND
3. AASH Projects (Private) Limited. a company du ly in ~orpo rated under the laws o f
Pakistan. and having its registered offic e at 3rd f' loor. Pearl One 94-B/1. MM Alam
Road, Gu lberg Ill, Lahore, act ing through its authorized representative Adi l Ahmad
Kamal (hereinafter referred to as ··Aash ·· wh ich expression shall. where the context so
permits be ~eem ed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and
ass igns).

AND
4. Prosyo n (Private) limited, a company du ly incorporated under the laws of Pakistan.
and having its registered office at Grand Enclave Hotel. Akbar Road (next to Toyota
Airport Motors) New 1\irport Road Lahore Punjab. acting through its authorized
representative Muhammad Tariq Saadat (hereinafter referred to as ·'Prosyon" which
expression shall. where the context so perm its. be deemed to mean and inc ludes its
successors-in-interest. ad ministrators and assigns)

AND
5. Mr. Muhammad Ta riq Saadat, son of Muhammad Saadat Al i, hqld[n_g G~JC" !':!2.;
35202-6505563-5. res ident of House No. 109-E/ 1. I-Iali Road , Gulberg Ill. La hore
('"MTS'". which expression shall mean and include. where the context so requires or
admits, his legal heirs, successors-in-interest and permi!led assigns):

AND
A

I