ZAMEEN AURUM 
 
 TERMS &amp; CONDITIONS : PAYMENT RECEIPT 
 
 
 Front 
 
 By signing this payment receipt, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions overleaf . 
 
 All bank instruments must be made payable to “ [ ] ” . 
 
 Overleaf 
 
 TERMS 
 
 All bank instruments must be made payable to “ [ ] ” , and bank transfers or cash deposits must be made to the designated bank account . We shall not be responsible f or any payment made in favour of any other entity or in any other account . 
 
 General Conditions 
 
 This payment receipt is subject to realisation of cheque or any other bank instrument . Any payment in a currency other than Pakistani Rupee will be subject to conversion based on applicable bank rates. 
 Any payment , or reservation by virtue of such payment , is non-transferable. 
 This payment receipt is not proof of ownership and does not qualify as a title or ownership document, nor does it transfer any right or create any intere st in any property to or in favour of the buyer . 
 In the event that any payment is made through online bank transfer or cash deposit, the buyer must present proof of payment in order to obtain a payment receipt. 
 If the buyer is not currently residing in Pakistan, copy of this payment receipt will be sent via e-mail. The buyer may collect the original payment receipt at any time, either personally or through a duly authorised representative. 
 
 Token or Earnest Money 
 
 Down payment must be made , either in pie cemeal or lump sum, within 7 (seven) working days of the later of the date of this Payment Receipt or confirmation of unit number (in case one was not identified at the time of issuance of this payment receipt ). 
 Any claim for refund of token/ earnest money must be made within 7 (seven) working days of the date of this payment receipt and no right for refund shall arise / exist or c laim in that regard entertained thereafter. This p ayment receipt must be presented at the time of any claim of refund in terms hereof . 
 
 Any other payment 
 
 In the event of payment of down payment , instalment or any part thereof , the terms and conditions of the booking form or agreement to sell , whichever is applicable , shall prevail . 
 
 For further information and queries, please contact the sales representative who processed your payment (contacts details overleaf).