AGREEMENT FOR CONSTRUCTION 
 
 This Agreement for c onstruction of r esidential u nit at [●] (the “Agreement” ) is entered into at Lahore on this [●] day of [●] , 2020 by and between: 
 V4 Capital , a partnership firm having its registered office at Pearl One,94-B/1, M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg III , Lahore through it authorised representative Fahad Arif Khawaja son of Khawaja Arif Mahmood, holder of CNIC No. 35202-2881321-3 , ( the “ Employer ”) which expression shall, wherever the context so requires or permits, include his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, 
 AND 
 
 Ace Works (Private) Limited , having its registered place of business at 1086, Street1, Commercial Area E-11/4 Islamabad ( the “ Contractor ”) through its duly authorised representative Usman Zafar Cheema , son of Zafar Mahmood Cheema , holder of CNIC No. 6111-1979339-9 wherever the context so requires or permits, include his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns. 
 
 ( Employer and Contractor shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, as “ Parties ”) . 
 WHEREAS : 
 
 The Employer solely and absolutely owns the real estate located at DHA, Islamabad (the “ Site ”) . 
 
 The Contractor has represented to the Employer that it is engaged in the business of and has substantial experience in, inter alia , construction, civil engineering and providing consultancy and management services for construction and civil works projects. 
 
 The Contractor has represented that it has the requisite know-how, skill, knowledge, experience and resources required for commencing and delivering the Works in entirety and that it shall be able to commence and deliver the Works as per the scheduled dates discussed and agreed between the Parties as detailed in Annexure s A and B . 
 
 Based on the representations and warranties of the Contractor contained herein, the Employer is desirous of hiring and the Contractor is desirous of providing his services for the construction of a residential unit(s) at the Site in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Employer and Contractor agree as follows: 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “ Agreement ” means this agreement executed between the Parties including its annexures attached hereto. 
 
 “ Approved Vendors ” means the suppliers of raw materials approved by the Employer in writing in accordance the provisions of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Bill of Quantities ” means the priced and completed bill of quantities means contained in Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Confidential Information ” mea ns any information , data or documents relating to the construction of the residential unit(s) and the Works, supplied by the Employer , electronic ally or through paper documentation , either written or oral, to the Contractor . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Confidential Information shall include , inter alia , proprietary technical and business information of the Employer, including but not limited to: (i) information in tangible or intangible form relating to released or unreleased products or services or the marketing or promotion thereof (including pricing), business policies or practices, financial condition, operations, facilities, equipment, software, procurement and/or purchasing requirements, customers (former, current, or potential), investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising data, or marketing methods and plans; (ii) patents and patent applications; (iii) techniques, designs, work schedules, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, processes, equipment, algorithms, and formulae related to current, future and/or proposed products and services, including information concerning research, development, design details, quantities and specifications; and any information received from third parties that the Contractor is obligated to treat as confidential. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor after the lapse of Defects Liability Period upon the remedying of the identified defects under Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Period ” means a period six (06) months starting from the date of Taking Over Certificate for the Contractor to remedy , remove and cure any defects identified by the Employer as contained in Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Design Documentation ” means the design documents including technical specifications, infrastructure design, conceptual design of the building(s) and public utility services and technical specification prepared and provided by the Employer to the Contractor contained in Annexure D . 
 
 “ Effective Date ” means the [ ● ] . 
 
 “ Engineer ” means, for the purposes of this Agreement , any competent person appointed by the Employer and notified to the Contractor to act as the Engineer. 
 
 “ Intended Purpose ” means the completion of the r esidential Unit free of d efects by the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to enable the Employer to run the Unit in the normal course on the basis that (i) the construction, finishing and engineering is as per the Drawings and (ii) the Works are in accordance with the relevant Technical S pecifications set out in this Agreement . 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance ” means the interest free advance given by the Employer to the Contractor in accordance with Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the guarantee submitted by the Contractor to the Employer in the form and manner prescribed by the Employer against the Mobilization Advance. 
 
 “ Payment Plan ” means the milestone-based instalment payment plan of the Total Price of the Agreement contained in Annexure E. 
 
 “ Retention Amount ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●]. 
 
 “ Scope of Works ” means the scope and details of Works, as set out in Annexure [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Schedule of Works ” means the timeline of the Works provided in Annexure [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Site ” means the property measuring approximately [●] located at [●], owned by the Employer, on which the Works/ construction of residential unit shall be undertaken and completed. 
 
 “ Taking Over Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor under Clause [●] upon the satisfactory completion of Works. 
 
 “ Term ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Unit ” means a single residential house in the Project to be built by the Contractor as per the specifications and terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 “ Works ” means all the work relating to excavation, construction , completion and finishing of the residential unit(s) by the Contractor in accordance with this Agreement and its Annexures including the provision of raw materials and remedying and removal of all defects identified by the Employer contained more specifically in Annexure A of the Agreement. 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four ( 24 ) hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day ; and 
 
 A reference to the headings in the Agreement is for ease of reference only and is not to be taken into account in construction or interpretatio n. 
 
 No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement . 
 
 Scope of Work 
 
 The Employer is desirous of and the Contractor has agreed to complete the construction and development of [ ● ] number of residential U nits at the Site and to perform all acts necessary and required for execution of all W orks contained and in accordance with Annexure A ( Scope of Works ) including provision of raw materials , equipment and machinery that are required for such construction as more fully specified in Annexure [ ● ] ( Bill of Quantities ) a nd the subsequent tasks for remedying and removal of any defects in the Works identified by the Employer (the “ Works ”) . 
 
 The Work shall be verified by the Employer who shall be the sole judge of the quality of Works done by the Contractor and the Employer retains the right to reject the Works if the same are not found in compliance with this Agreement, its a nnexures or any specific direction (written or oral) of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the I ntended P urpose and in accordance with timelines provided in Annexure [ ● ] . The Contractor ’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency(ies). 
 
 The Contractor ’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Contractor , or is implied by this Agreement, and all work which although not mentioned in this Agreement is necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper construction and operation of the Works . 
 
 Term 
 
 The Contractor shall complete the Works under this Agreement withi n [●] months of the Effective Date (“ Term ”). In addition to the Term of the Agreement, the Contractor shall remedy any defects within the period contained in Clause [●] ( Defects Liability Period ) below. 
 
 The Parties may extend the Term of this Agreement on such terms and conditions as mutually agreed by both Parties. 
 
 Payment 
 
 For the completion of Works in accordance with this Agreement , the Contractor shall be entitled to and the Employer shall pay to the Contractor a n of amount of Rupees [●] ( PKR [●] ) per Unit (“ Unit Price ”), amounting to a to t al of Rupees [●] ( PKR [●] ) (“ Total Price” ) . 
 
 The Contractor shall be paid in milestone-based as specified in the Payment Plan provided in Annexure E [ ● ] (“ Payment Plan ”) provided that the Contractor is able to complete the Works in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. 
 
 Upon completion of each milestone contained in Annexure C ( Schedule of Works ) , the Contractor shall issue to the Employer an invoice (including all supporting documents). The Employer shall make payments within twenty-one (21) days after verification of the invoice(s) subject to applicable deductions under this Agreement. 
 
 The Total Price shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicable taxes including withholding tax (WHT) in accordance with applicable laws . 
 
 A retention amount will be retained by the Employer at the rate of five per cent (5%) of each invoice submitted by the Contractor to the Employer (“ Retention Amount ”) to be used by the Employer for making good any work not performed in accordance with the Agreement or rectification of any defects . The Employer shall return the Retention Amount to the Contractor within One Hundred and Eighty (180) days of issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate , sucject to any deductions or adjustments, in accordance with Clause [●] of the Agreement . 
 
 Mobilization Advance and Mobilization Advance Guarantee 
 
 An interest free Mobilization Advance amounting to a total of PKR [●] (“ Mobilization Advance ”) shall be paid by the Employer to the Contractor upon submission by the Contractor of a m obilization a dvance g uarantee for the full amount of the Mobilization Advance in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer (“ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be recovered from the invoices submitted by the Contractor to the Employer at the rate of ten per cent ( 10 %) of the submitted invoice. 
 
 Performance Security 
 
 The Contractor shall provide to the Employer a performance security amounting to a total of Rupees [●] (PKR [●]) in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer ( “ Performance Security ”) at the time of signing of this Agreement. 
 
 The cost of complying with the requirements of C lause 4.7 (a) shall be borne by the Contractor . 
 
 The P erformance S ecurity shall be valid until the Contractor has executed and completed the Works and remedied any defects therein in accordance with the Agreement . No claim shall be made against the Performance Security after the issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate in accordance with Clause [ ● ] and the Performance Security s hall be returned to the Contractor within [●] days of the issue of the said Defects Liability Certiﬁcate. 
 
 Engineer 
 
 Appointment of Engineer 
 
 The Employer shall appoint a qualified and competent person to act as an Engineer for the purpose of this Agreement. 
 
 The Engineer shall carry out the duties specified in the Agreement or as instructed by the Employer from time to time. 
 
 If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property, the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of his duties and responsibilities under the Contract, instruct the C ontractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. The Engineer shall determine an addition to the Contract Price, in respect of such instruction (if needed) and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement , the Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of his obligations under the Agreement . 
 
 Wherever, under the Agreement, the Engineer is required to exercise this discretion by: 
 giving his decision, opinion or consent, or 
 
 expressing his satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor 
 he shall exercise such discretion impartially within the terms of the Agreement and having regard to all the circumstances . 
 Approval, reviews and inspection by the Engineer of any part of the Works does not relieve the Contractor from his sole responsibility and liability for the supply of materials, plant and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Agreement and neither the Engineer’s authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Agreement whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, any s ubcontractor, any of their representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 
 Testing &amp; Samples 
 
 All materials, workmanship and Works shall be: 
 
 of the respective kinds described in the Annexure [ ● ]/ Agreement and in accordance with the Engineer’s i nstructions, and 
 
 subject from time to time to such tests as the Engineer may require at the place of manufacture, fabrication or preparation, or on the Site or at such other place or places as may be approved by the Engineer or at all or any of such places. 
 The Contractor shall provide such assistance, labour, electricity, fuels, stores, apparatus and instruments as are normally required for examining, measuring and testing any materials and shall supply samples of materials, before incorporation in the Works for testing as may be selected and required by the Engineer. 
 All samples shall be supplied by the Contractor at his own cost if the supply thereof is clearly intended by or provided for in the Agreement or if the Engineer reasonably requires . 
 
 The cost of conducting any test (s) shall be borne by the Contractor if such test is clearly intended by or provided for in the Agreement, or if in the opinion of the Engineer , the test s are essential to determine the stability and safe operation of the Works, and its use for Intended Purpose. 
 
 Taking Over Certificate 
 
 When the whole of the Works has been substantially completed, the Contractor may give a written notice to that effect to the Employer, accompanied by a written undertaking to ﬁnish with due expedition any outstanding work during the Defects Liability Period. Such notice and undertaking shall be deemed to be a request by the Contractor for the Employer to issue a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works. 
 
 The Employer s hall, within [●] days of the date of delivery of such notice, either issue to the Contractor , a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate, stating the date on which, in the Employer’s opinion, the Works were substantially completed in accordance with the Agreement , or give instructions in writing to the Contractor specifying all the work which, in the Employer’s opinion, is required to be done by the Contractor before the issue of such Certificate. The Employer shall also notify the Contractor of any defects in the Works affecting substantial completion that may appear after such instructions and before completion of the Works speciﬁed therein. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive such Taking—Over Certiﬁcate within twenty-one (21) days of completion, to the satisfaction of the Employer , of the Works so speciﬁed and remedying any defects so notiﬁed . 
 
 The decision of the Employer as to the date of Taking-Over of the Works thereof, shall be final and binding on the Contractor . 
 Defects Liability Period 
 
 8.1 Any defects , omissions or other faults in the Works which are identified by the Employer in the Taking Over Certificate or which may be evident upon inspection and notified in writing by the Employer to the Contractor within six (06) calendar months following the date of Taking Over Certificate (“ Defects Liability Period ”) shall be made good by the Contractor at no cost to the Employer. 
 
 Completion of Outstanding Work and Remedying Defects 
 
 In order that the Works shall be in the condition required by this Agreement (except fair wear and tear), at or as soon as practicable after the Taking Over Certificate , the Contractor shall , at his cost and expenses : 
 
 complete any work which is outstanding on the date stated in the Taking Over Certificate , within such time as is instructed by the Employer, and 
 
 execute all work required to remedy d efects or damage on or before the expiry of the Defects Liability Period, including work required to remedy , cure and remove d efects or damage in other parts of the Works consequential upon the original d efect, as may be notified by the Employer. 
 
 Failure to Remedy Defects 
 
 If the Contractor fails to remedy , cure or remove any d efect or damage with