Agreement No. CS/

521

AGREEMENT TO SELL
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASED UNIT

PROJECT DETAILS

Developer:

Mall 35, Pearl One 94-B/ 1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Name of Project:

Mall35

Location:

Plot No. 35/ A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi

UNIT DETAILS

Unit Number:
Unit Type:

Commercial Shop

Area of Unit:

- - - - - - - sq. ft.

Purchase Price (PKR):
Rupees (In words):

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 1 of24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
This Agreement to Sell is entered into at Lahore on this _ _ _ _ _ _ day of_ _ _ _ _ 20 _

by and between:

Mall35, a partnership firm, with its office at Pearl One, 94 B/1, MM Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore ("DEVELOPER" which

expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the
ONE PART
AND
(i) BUYER NAME:

Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - -- - - - - - - E x p i r y D a t e : - - - - - -- - - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)--

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - - E-mail=- - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - -

-

- - - --

- - - {Office) - - - - - - - - - - -

(ii) JOINT BUYER NAME:
Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - E x p i r y D a t e : - - - - - - -- - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)-- - - - - - - -- -

Mobile:

- - - - - - ---E-mail= - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(Office) - -- - - - - - - - - -

(iii) ENTITY NAME:

0 Partnership

0 Company (private) 0

Registration No.:

Company (public)

0 Sole Proprietorship

NTN: - - - - - - -- - - - - -

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: - - - - - - - - - - -- - - -

CNIC: - - - - - - - - - - - - -

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ E-mail: _ _ _ _ _ _ __ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

Mobile

(individually, or in the case ofjoint Buyers, collectively referred to as "Buyer", which expression shall, where the context so
admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, Nominees, successors-in-interest,
permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 2 of24

WHEREAS
{A)

The Developer is developing a real estate project named and styled as 'Mall 35', comprising of inter alia
commercial shops, restaurants and hotel apartments, located at Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road,
Rawalpindi Cantt., Rawalpindi {"Project");

{B)

The Buyer has seen the plan for the Project and the Floor Plan of the Project and desires to purchase the
commercial shop as described in Description of Purchased Unit ("Purchased Unit"); and

{C)

The Developer has agreed to construct and sell the Purchased Unit to the Buyer on the terms and conditions
of this Agreement to Sell.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions:

SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1.

For the consideration provided in this Agreement to Sell {defined below), including without limitation the
Purchase Price, the Developer will construct and sell rights in the Purchased Unit to the Buyer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be
amended from time to time. Provided that where there is more than one person or entity as the "Buyer", then
the obligations of the persons or entities in relation hereto shall be joint and several.

2.

The following documents {duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale and purchase of the Purchased Unit, all of which
shall form an integral part of the Agreement {the "Agreement").

3.

{i)

Description of Purchased Unit

{ii)

This Agreement to Sell

{iii)

General Terms and Conditions

(iv)

Nominees

{v)

Undertaking by the Buyer for compliance with the Rules

{vi)

Attachment A: Payment Plan

{vii)

Attachment B: Purchased Unit Floor Plan

{viii)

Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof.

The documents enumerated in Clause 2 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of
any conflict, ambiguity or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given to the General
Terms and Conditions, followed by the Payment Plan, and Description of Purchased Unit. Any terms used
as defined terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the General Terms and Conditions. The rules
of interpretation set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents fo rming the
Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 3 of24

BUYER'S WARRANTIES
4.

The Buyer confirms having read and understood, and agrees to comply with t his Agreement and by any
f urther terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Developer.

5.

The Buyer confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Buyer in t his Agreement are t rue and correct
in all respect s.

6.

The Buyer confi rms and warrants that the Buyer (and where t here is more than one Buyer, each such Buyer) has
the requisite capacity and authority to enter into the Agreement and to perform the obligations hereunder.

ARBITRATION
7.

Any dispute or difference as to t he Agreement or any part thereof or any matter or thing of whatsoever
nature arising thereunder or in relation thereto between the Developer and the Buyer that cannot be
resolved t hro ugh mutual agreement may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the General Terms and
Conditions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fuLLy understood the condit ions set forth
therein, of their own free wiLL, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

Forand onbeha~ofBUYER

For and on behalf of JOINT BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

WITNESSED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

Name: ---------------------------

Name: ---------------------------

CN IC/N ICOP: - - - - - - - - - -

CNIC/ NICOP:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 4 of24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1.

Unless inconsistent with the context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement

means the Agreement to Sell, including these General Terms and Conditions as well as
all documents enumerated in Clause 2 of the agreement to sell, as may be amended or
supplemented by the Developer from time to time at its sole discretion.

Agreement to Sell

means the Agreement to Sell entered into between the Developer and the Buyer to which
these General Terms and Conditions are appended.

Adjusted Amount

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.3 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Buyer

means the person or persons identifled as the Buyer in the Agreement to Sell and his/ her
or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted transferees
and permitted assigns. Where there is more than one Buyer, references to one Buyer
shall be to such persons jointly and severally.

Common Areas

means those parts of the Project not physically forming a part of any Unit and are
intended for the common use of all occupants or owners of Units, including inter alia all
open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies, Parking Area
and hallways.

Common Facilities

means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, security system, tube-well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas that are intended for facilitating all occupants and owners of Units
and do not form part of any given Unit.

Competent Authority

means any federal, provincial, capital or l ocal government or authority, department,
local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority, including the Office of the Cantonment
Board Rawalpindi, Office of the Military Estates Offlcer Rawalpindi, and any other
authority which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement.

Completion or Estimated
Completion Date

means the date or expected date communicated by the Developer as the date or
expected date on which the Purchased Unit will be ready for handover of possession

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 5 of 24

to the Buyer, subject to the Buyer complying with his/her obligations inter alia as per
Clause 4 (Construction and Possession of Purchased Unit) of these General Terms and
Conditions.
Completion Notice

means a written notice sentto the Buyer by the Developercommunicatingthe Completion
Date.

Component Materials

means inter alia steel, cement, diesel, labour or any other material used for construction
and finishing of the Project.
means Mall 35, a partnership firm, with its office at Pearl One, 94 B/ 1, MM Alam Road,

Developer

Gulberg Ill, Lahore.
Down Payment

means the amount paid by the Buyer under the Agreement to Sell, equal to 30% (thirty
percent) of the Purchase Price (defined below) of the Purchased Unit, as shown in the
Payment Plan.
means the date on or before which any payment or instalment in the Payment Plan is

Due Date

required to be paid by the Buyer to the Developer in the designated bank account.
Event of Force Majeure

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 13.1 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Instalment Payment

means any payment to be made by the Buyer as per the Payment Plan (defined below).
For the avoidance of doubt, Instalment Payment may, subject to Clause 3.3, include any
applicable Adjusted Amount.

Management Company

means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or
associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest
and assigns) charged with the maintenance, operation or management of the Project
or any part thereof, including inter alia Parking Area, Common Areas and/ or Common
Facilities.
means such person, as may be nominated by the Buyer as the person who may facilitate

Nominee

in the transfer of rights and obligations of the Buyer under the Agreement to Sell to the
legal heirs in the event of demise of the Buyer.
Parking Area

means the demarcated parking area for the exclusive use of visitors and occupants of
the Project, the exact position whereof is to be allocated on or before the Completion
Date.
means the Developer or t he Buyer, whereas Parties means both.

Party

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 6 of24

Payment Plan

means the Payment Plan in Attachment A of the Agreement to Sell, setting out the Due
Date, quantum and schedule of Installment Payments of the Purchase Price to be paid
by the Buyer to the Developer.

Permitted Use

means the permissible nature and use of the Purchased Unit as per the Unit type specified
in the Description of the Purchased Unit, strictly in accordance with the Rules (defined
below).

Project

means the real estate project, named and styled as 'Mall 35', approved and sanctioned
by the Office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, being constructed and developed by
the Developer on Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt. Rawalpindi.

Purchase Price

means the total amount identified in the Payment Plan in Attachment A ofthe Agreement
to Sell as the purchase price of the Purchased Unit payable by the Buyer in accordance
with the Payment Plan, together with any Adjusted Amount which may be payable under
Clause 3.3.

Purchased Unit

means the specific commercial shop, as shown in the Purchased Unit Floor Plan, which
the Buyer has contracted to purchase pursuant to this Agreement.

Purchased Unit Floor Plan means the floor plan of the Purchased Unit and its location as shown in Attachment B to
the Agreement to Sell.

Rules

means such rules, as amended from time to t ime, as may be framed by t he Developer and/
or the Management Company setting out the Buyer's rights and obligations in relation to
the use, occupancy, layout, maintenance, design and display of the Purchased Unit.

Service Charges

means the amount payable by the Buyer to the Management Company on a biannual basis in advance as the proportionate contribution towards the management,
administration, maintenance and control of the Purchased Unit, Common Areas,
Common Facilities and Parking Area, which amount shall be determined and prescribed
from time to time by the Management Company provided that Service Charges shall
always be reasonable, based on market standards and as per fair market rates. The first
such Service Charge shall be payable in advance as per Clause 3.1(ii).

Taxes

means any federal, provincial or local taxes or levies payable on any component used for
the construction of the Purchased Unit (including the Component Materials) or, where
the contexi. j:>ermits, applicable on the sale or lease thereof, as may be prescribed or
levied from time to time by any Competent Authority.

Unit

means any one or more commercial shop, restaurant or the hypermart in the Project,
including the Purchased Unit.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

1.2.

Except where the context otherwise requires, references in the Agreement to:

(i)

An Article, Clause, attachment, or paragraph are references to an Article, Clause, attachment or
paragraph of the Agreement or the relevant document comprising the Agreement;

(ii)

Any headings in the Agreement are for ease of reference only and are not to be taken into account in
construction or interpretation;

(iii)

Any statute or other legislative provision shall be read to include any statutory or legislative
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof;

(iv)

Words denoting one gender shall include all other genders;

(v)

Words denoting singular shall, where the context permits, include plural;

(vi)

Any reference to a date or time is to such date and time in Islamabad, Pakistan;

(vii)

Any reference to a Party shall, where the context permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest
and permitted assigns;

(viii)

No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible
for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement;

(ix)

Use of the terms "including", "include" or "includes" shall be interpreted to be followed by the phrase
"without limitation", unless otherwise specified;

(x)

An obligation on a Party to do any act, matter or thing include an obligation to procure that it is done
and words placing a Party under a restriction include an obligation not to permit or allow infringement
of the restriction.

(xi)

"law" includes any law, by-law, regulation (including any rule, official directive, request or guideline),
legislation (including delegated legislation), constitution, decree, judgment, court order/ authority of
competent jurisdiction, ordinance, statute, treaty or other legislative measure of any governmental
body or any Competent Authority;

(xii)

Where there is a reference to "sell", "sale" or other transfer of rights in any Unit by the Developer to the
Buyer, such term refers to a sale of the Developer's rights relating to the Purchased Unit concerned,
including the right to occupy and use such Unit and, where applicable, transfer those rights all upon
and subject to the General Terms and Conditions.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 8 of24