NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER
E-STAMP

e-sthrnpmg
A PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE

& PUNJAS INFOPAMTON Tf CHNOtOG UOAAO

tIiiiuuiurtiiiiiii

ID:

PB-LHR-5A3FB210D702F990

Type:

Low Denomination

Amount:

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

Description

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(d)

Applicant

Zameen Media Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akbar [35202-9099820-41

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Agent:

Self

Address:

Lahore

Issue Date:

22-Dec-2022 1:14:13 PM

Delisted On/Validity:

29-Dec2022

Amount in Words:

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason:

Lease Agreement with Muhammad Ilyas Khan s/o Chaudry Ahmed Khan
CNIC 35202-9712192-7

Vendor Information:

Ahmad Au I PB-LHR-1709 I Garden Town

SHAN ASSOCIATES
40-B Shari Arcade Barkat Market N w Garden Town Lahore

Type "eStamp <16 digit eStamp Numbor> send to 8100

LEASE AGREEMENT
This Lease Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is made and entered on i
day of January. 2023 (Effective Date) at Lahore by and between:
Muhammad Ilyas Khan sb

Chaudry Ahmed Khan bearing CNIC No. 35202-

9712192-7 resident of House No. 22-A Mohallah Model Town. Lahore (hereinafter
referred to as the "Landlord" which term shall, wherever the context so permits
or requires. means and includes his successors-in-interest, legal heirs and assigns)
AND
ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/I. M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III.
Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
(hereinafter referred to as the "Tenant" which term shall, wherever the context so
requires or permits. means and includes its successors-in-interest and assigns).
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
WHEREAS
(A)

The Landlord is the absolute and lawful owner in possession of the commercial warehouse
i.e. Hall No. 4. measuring Forty-Five Hundred (4500) sq.ft. located at Ali Park, Peco Road,
Kot Lakhpat. Lahore ("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Landlord has agreed to give on lease and the Tenant has agreed to take on lease, the
Demised Premises in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Landlord's initials

Page lof5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initial

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS:
1.

TERM

1.1

This Agreement shall be valid for a period of one (1) year commencing from the Effective
Date and ending on 31st December, 2023 or on such other date as may be agreed mutually
between the Parties in writing ('Term").

2.

MONTHLY & ADVANCE RENT

2.1 The Tenant shall pay to the Landlord a monthly rent of Rs. 100,000 (Rupees One Hundred
Thousand Only) inclusive of all taxes (the "Monthly Rent") for the Demised Premises. On
the Effective Date, the Landlord shall handover the vacant possession of the Demised
Premises to the Tenant.
2.2 The Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Tenant to the Landlord in advance on a monthly basis
on or before 1Qth day of the month through a bank instrument or cheque in favor of Landlord,
the receipt whereof shall be acknowledged in writing by the Landlord.
2.3 All payments made by the Tenant to the Landlord under this Agreement shall be made
through crossed cheque or pay order in favor of Muhammad Ilyas Khan.
2.4 If for any period the Demised Premises may be rendered uninhabitable, due to the fault of
or breach of any obligation of the Lessor under the Agreement, the Lessee shall not be
under an obligation to pay the Monthly Rent, utility charges or any other charges for such
uninhabitable period. Furthermore. the Term of this Agreement shall automatically be
extended for a period equal to the uninhabitable period.
2.5 The Monthly Rent shall be subject to 10% rental increment after every year.
3.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

3.1

Upon signing of this Agreement, the Tenant shall deposit with the Landlord a sum equal to
Six months' Monthly Rent amounting to a total of Rs. 600,000 (Rupees Six Hundred
Thousand Only) as security (the "Security Deposit"). A copy of the cheque for Security
Deposit and acknowledgement of receipt thereof is attached herewith as Annexure A.
Security Deposit can be adjusted against Monthly Rent or shall be refunded to the Tenant
at the time of expiry or termination of this Agreement, subject to deductions strictly limited
and exclusively in relation to outstanding utility bills during the Term, outstanding rent.
damage to the Demised Premises (other than regular wear and tear).

4.

TAx

4.1 The Tenant shall be liable to deduct from the Monthly Rent payable to the Landlord, the
applicable withholding tax at such rates as may be imposed under applicable laws, and
provide to the Landlord a copy of the tax challan in relation thereto.
4.2 The Landlord shall be liable to pay property tax with respect to the Demised Premises, and
any other tax or charge with respect to the Demised Premises that may be payable by the
Landlord from time to time.
5. COVENANTS
5.1 The Landlord hereby covenants that:
(a) the Demised Premises is of a commercial nature, and is in compliance with all
laws and regulations;
/

Landlord's initials

iL-.5

-

Page 2of5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initiaIs

cable

(b) upon paying the Monthly Rent and observing and performing all of the terms and
conditions, the Tenant may hold, occupy and enjoy the Demised Premises in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement without any hindrance or disturbance:
(c) the Premises shall be available exclusively to the Tenant at all times during the Term:
(d) Landlord shall ensure upkeep, repair and maintenance of the Demised Premises at all
times: and
(e) Tenant is permitted to make alterations on the Demised Premises to facilitate the use of
Demised Premises as a warehouse for storage of goods.
5.2 The Tenant hereby covenants that it shall not use the Demised Premises for any other the
purpose than as a warehouse for storage of goods during the Term.
6.

TERMINATION

6.1 Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving at least one (1) month' prior written
notice to the other Party. and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of such
notice period.
6.2 In the event that any Party is in material breach of the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, then the other Party ('Affected Party"), by giving at least fifteen (15) days
written notice to the Party in breach, to cure of such material breach within aforementioned
fifteen (15) days. If the breach continues beyond this notice period or is irreversible, the
Affected Party may terminate this Agreement without further notice.
6.3

Upon termination of this Agreement under Clauses 6.1 and 6.2, the Tenant shall hand over
peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Landlord upon refund of
the Monthly Rent for unutilized lease period (if any) and the Security Deposit in accordance
with this Agreement.

7.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

7.1 The Landlord hereby warrants that the Landlord is sole. absolute and lawful owner of the
Demised Premises and has right to enter into this Agreement for lease of the Demises
Premises.
7.2 The Landlord shall indemnify and hold harmless the Tenant and its affiliates from and
against any and all claims. actions. proceedings. costs. expenses. and/or damages. on
account of third-party claims arising out of any breach of any covenant, representation
and/or warranty stipulated under this Agreement and misstatement/concealment of facts
and/or any defect in the title or use of the Demised Premises and/or for any acts or
omissions by the Landlord. The Landlord shall remain responsible for interruptions in the
smooth business operations of the Tenant, caused due to the subsequently discovered
liability(ies) of the Landlord with respect to the Demised Premises.
7.3 A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation. pandemic, government lockdown, or
any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which renders the
performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part. for a period of
time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure

Landlord's initials

Page 3of5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initials

7.4 This Agreement, along with all annexures hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, either oral or written, with respect hereto.
7.5

The provisions of this Agreement are severable.

7.6 Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall be
deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party as the
agent of the other for any purpose.
7.7 The Parties undertake to act in good faith to ensure completion of the conditions provided
herein and to comply with the terms of the Agreement. Any dispute, if unresolved within 15
(fifteen) days of it so arising, shall be resolved through arbitration under the Arbitration Act
(X of 1940).
7.8 Until otherwise notified in writing by either Party to the other, all notices required to be given
pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent to the addresses of the Parties first mentioned
above.
7.9 The Parties confirm having read the Agreement in its entirety prior to executing it, and are
not relying on any representation or promise except for those set forth in his Agreement in
voluntarily deciding to execute the Agreement.
7.10 All matters pertaining to this Agreement (including its interpretation, application, validity,
performance and breach) shall be governed by. construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws of Pakistan. The courts at Lahore, Pakistan, shall have exclusive jurisdiction in
respect of disputes arising hereunder.
7.11 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is the original and which
together have the same effect as if each Party had signed the same document.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the terms and conditions of the Agreement set out above are
understood and accepted by the Parties, who expressly agree to abide by them.

For and on behalf of Landlord

For and on behalf of Tenant

Muhammad Ilyas Khan

Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar

CNIC No. 35202-9712192-7

Designation: Director Admin &
Procurement

WITNESSES

Name:

Name:
CNlC:

c—

37SIH

Landlord's initials

Page 4 of 5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

A7a

K%-iALiP

CNIC:

Tenant's initials

C

Annexure A
Security Deposit Slip

A

7"7
o-

Cheque No
Date

1) IBG-Gulberg Branch Lahore

**MUJA[\J1MAD ILYAS KHAN**

Pay
Rupees

**Six Hundred Thousand Oni

42226556

05012023

X4XX
PKR

u*6QO 000 00*0

PK69ALFH5501005001266157
ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED
Siqnature

!'It'use jo tUtu willif bejow th.. lilt.

i1t

22 255"O5D ?5':00000000

5?U'DOOI'

/

Landlord's initials

Page 5 of 5
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Tenant's initials