FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 
 M/S HOTEL ONE (PRIVATE) LIMITED 
 
 
 AND 
 
 
 MALL 35, a partnership firm 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FOR OPERATING AND MANAGING HOTEL ONE , RAWALPINDI . 
 
 
 
 
 FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 This FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this 25 th day of February 2020 (“ Execution Date ”) . 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 M/S Hotel One (P ri v a t e ) Limited , a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 1 st Floor, NESPAK HOUSE, G-5/2, Islamabad, through its authorized representative Vice President Operations Mr. Ali Zubair s / o Mr. Shahid Zubair duly authorized under the board of directors' resolution dated __ ___ __ _______________ (hereinafter referred to as the " Franchisor " which expression where the context so admits and permits shall mean and include its l egal representatives, executors, administrators and assigns) of the First Part. 
 
 AND 
 
 M all 35 , a partnership firm existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan, duly authorized under the partners’ resolution dated 21 February 2020 (hereinafter referred to as the " Franchisee " which expression wherever the context so admits and permits shall mean and include its legal representatives, executors, administrators and assigns) of the Second Part. 
 
 
 (The Franchisor and the Franchisee shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “ Parties ”, and individually referred to as a “ Party ” for the purposes of this Agreement) . 
 
 
 WHEREAS , the Franchisee is the sole, exclusive and lawful owner in possession of the commercial property located at 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt ., Rawalpindi, measuring 2554.62 square yards (“ Project Land ”) and the commercial building structure to be built thereon (“ Project ”). T he area specified for the H otel (as more particularly defined herein below) shall be fully equipped with furniture, fixtures, and equipment as are required to operate a hotel in accordance with Franchisor’s applicable standards and at the address location specified above with room number information as is attached hereto in Schedule- I and the Franchisee is having full power and absolute authority to the subject premises (“ Premises ” ). The Project Land and Premises are free of all charges &amp; encumbrances whatsoever they may be. 
 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisor operates/manages a chain of hotels in Pakistan under the name and style of “Hotel One” and is the sole owner of the Franchise Marks (as more particularly defined herein below) . Hotel One has achieved a reputation for excellence and high standards and has developed standardized procedures for opening, operating and managing hotels. 
 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisee is desirous of operating and managing the Hotel as a member of Hotel One chain and wishes to obtain franchise from Hotel One /Franchisor for that purpose. Franchisee understands and acknowledges the importance of operating the Hotel in conformity with Hotel One /Franchisor’s b rand m anuals . 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisor is ready to grant Hotel One franchise to the Franchisee. The Franchisor is relying upon the Franchisee ’s business skill and f inancial capacity for operating and managing the Hotel . 
 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties , in consideration of the undertakings and commitments of each Party to the other Party set forth herein, agree as follows: 
 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITION OF TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definition of Terms : The following terms when used in this Agreement shall have the meanings indicated below : 
 
 "Accounting Period" shall mean a calendar month. 
 
 "Agreement" shall mean this Franchise Agreement, and all schedules, amendments, modifications, supplements, consolidations, extensions and revisions to this Franchise Agreement agreed by and between the Parties in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
 "Annual Operating Budget" shall mean the budget, submitted by the Franchisee to the Franchisor of the Hotel, and shall include an estimated profit and loss statement for a fiscal year, or in case of a partial fiscal year, the balance of the budget from the fiscal year, including a schedule of hotel room rentals and other rentals and a marketing and business plan and Franchisor shall offer its expertise if required by Franchisee. 
 
 "AOB Objection Notice" shall mean a Notice which contains objections posed by the Franchisor to an Annual Operating Budget proposed by the Franchisor. 
 
 "Applicable Standards" shall mean standards of operation and quality for the Hotel Premises which are : (a) in accordance with the requirements of the Franchisor and are correctly enforced at all hotels owned or managed by the Franchisor and (b) in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, more specifically, under the provisions of Pakistan Hotel &amp; Restaurants Act, 1976. 
 
 "Benefit Plans" shall mean benefits given by the Hotel management to its employees, and shall include, but not be limited to, pension, medical and health, life insurance and other benefits given by the Franchisor to similar employees employed by the Franchisor in other hotels owned or managed by the Franchisor. 
 
 “ Brand Manuals” shall mean the standard operating procedures developed by the Franchisor for operating its Chain as set forth in Article VII. 
 
 “ Business Acceptance” shall mean that Franchisee shall accept the business that is referred to the Franchisee by the Franchisor as set forth in Article VII. 
 
 "Business Day" shall mean any day excluding : ( i ) Sunday; (ii) any day which is a public holiday under the laws of the Pakistan; and (iii) any day on which banking institutions located in Pakistan are generally not open for the conduct of regular business. 
 
 "Budgeted GOP" shall mean the Gross Operating Profit as set forth in the Annual Operating Budget for the applicable Fiscal Year, as approved by the Franchisor and Franchisee pursuant to Article X II hereof. 
 
 “Chain” shall mean the group of hotels, both franchised and non - franchised, which operate under the system and trade names of Hotel One and Hotel One /Franchisor may elect from time to time to increase or decrease the number of hotels in the Chain and may also elect from time to time to include other properties in the Chain. 
 
 "Commencement Date" shall mean the date from which the Franchise e is operating the Hotel under the Franchise M ark s . 
 
 “Contract(s)” shall mean concessions, leases for commercial space, equipment purchase or lease, and other contracts between the Franchisor and third parties that may be deemed reasonably necessary for the operation of the Hotel. 
 
 “Control” (and any from thereof, such as ‘Controlling’ or ‘Controlled’) shall mean with respect to Hotel One , controlling and managing the company decisions without the Franchisee ’s intervention. 
 
 "Credit List" shall mean the list of companies with which Franchisor carries on the credit business as set forth in Article XII. 
 
 "Deductions" shall mean the following matters: 
 
 Administrative and general expenses and the cost of advertising and business promotion, heat ing , light ing , power, communications (i.e. telephone, fax, cable service and internet) and other utilities, routine repairs, maintenance and minor alterations pertaining to the Hotel; 
 
 Employee Costs and Expenses including Employee Claims but excluding Excluded Employee Claims; 
 
 All costs and fees of independent accountants, attorneys or other third parties who perform services related to the Hotel or the operation thereof; 
 
 The cost and expense of non-routine technical consultants and operational experts for specialized services in connection with the Hotel, including, without limitation, an allocation of costs of Franchisor's corporate staff who may perform special services directly related to the Hotel such as sales and marketing, revenue management, training, property tax services, federal, provincial and/or l ocal tax services, recruiting ; 
 
 Insurance costs and expenses as provided in Article XIII; 
 
 Real estate and property taxes levied or assessed against the Project Land of the Hotel by duly authorized taxing authorities and such other taxes if any, assessed against the Franchisor that are the responsibility of the Franchisee related to the operation and/or ownership of the Hotel; 
 
 Franchise fees, Fee, or compensation or consideration paid or payable to the Franchisor under this Agreement ; 
 
 Marketing Fund as provided in Article VII ; 
 
 The Hotel's allocable share of the actual costs and expenses incurred by the Franchisor in providing Group Services as provided in Clause 7. 12 hereof; 
 
 Online Travel Agent’s fee including, Hotel registration fee, annual renewal fee, commission fee on each room’s sale and any other fee as per the Franchisor’s agreement with the Online Travel Agent ; or 
 
 Other expenses incurred in connection with the maintenance or operation of the Hotel not expressly set forth above and authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 "Employee Claims" shall mean any claims (including all fines , judgments, debts, penalties, costs, litigation expenses, attorneys' fees and expenses , and costs of settlement with respect to any such claim) made by or in respect of an employee or potential hiree against the Franchisee , which are based on a violation or alleged violation of the Employment, Labour Laws or alleged contractual obligations by the Franchisee . 
 
 "Employee Costs and Expenses" shall mean and include , but not be limited to : wages, salaries, bonuses, commissions, Benefit Plans, recruitment costs , workmen’s compensation , compensation in lieu of vacation, sick leave, gratuities and other such benefits for which, the said employees are entitled under the law or in terms of their employment contract . 
 
 "Employment Laws" shall mean all applicable federal, provincial and local laws (including without limitation, any statutes, regulations, ordinances or common laws) regarding the employment, hiring or discharge of persons and shall include Labour Laws. 
 
 "Event(s) of Default" shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.1. 
 
 "Executive Employees" shall mean executives employed by the Franchisor , including inter alia departmental heads and senior employees of the Franchisor . 
 
 "FF&amp;E" shall mean furniture, furnishings, fixtures, soft goods, case goods, signage and equipment (including, without limitation, telephone systems, facsimile machines, communication systems, audio visuals equipment, and all computer and other equipment needed for the reservation system , the Property Management System and all other electronic systems ) specified by Hotel One /Franchisor from time to time . 
 
 "Fiscal Year" shall mean the twelve (12) month calendar year ending on 30 th of June, except that the first Fiscal Year and last Fiscal Year of the term of this Agreement may not be a full calendar year. 
 “Fixed Sales, Marketing and Franchisee Fee” shall mean the amount paid monthly by the Franchisee to the Franchisor for using the franchise mark s of the Franchisor as set forth in Article III. 
 
 "Fixed Asset Supplies" shall mean supply items included within the "Property and Equipment" category of the Applicable Standards , including store supplies i.e. linen, china, glassware, silverware, uniforms, and similar items. 
 
 "Food &amp; Beverage Operation" shall mean and include: ( i ) all restaurant, dining, bar and lounge services; (ii) all food and beverage services for banquets, meetings and conventions; (iii) room services; (iv) in-house or outside catering; and (v) any other food and beverage services of the Hotel. 
 
 "Food &amp; Beverage Revenue" shall mean all revenues and receipts of every kind received from operating the Hotel Food &amp; Beverage Operation including revenues and receipts from: ( i ) all restaurant, dining, bar and lounge services; (ii) all food and beverage services for banquets, meetings and conventions; (iii) room services; (iv) in-house or outside catering; and (v) any other income from food and beverage services of the Hotel. 
 
 "Force Majeure" shall mean any act of God (including adverse weather conditions); act s of the state or federal government in its sovereign or contractual capacity; war; civil disturbance, riot or mob violence; terrorism; earthquake, flood, fire or other casualty or calamity; epidemic; quarantine restriction; labour strikes or lock out; freight embargo; civil disturbance; or similar causes beyond the reasonable control of the Parties . 
 
 "Franchise Marks" shall mean the name “Hotel One” and include any similar name, trade mark, symbol trade name sign, associated with the Hotel One name. 
 
 “Franchise Marks and Technical Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Article III of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisee" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisor" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisor Affiliate Entity or Entities" shall mean any entity controlled directly or indirectly by Hotel One/Franchisor. For purposes hereof, "controlled" shall mean: ( i ) the possession, directly or indirectly of a majority of the voting power and capital stock or ownership interest of such entity, or (ii) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity in the capacity of chief executive officer, president, chairman, or other similar capacity where they are actively engaged and/or involved in providing such direction or control and spend a substantial amount of time managing such entity), as set forth in Article XXII. 
 
 "Gross Revenue(s)" shall mean all revenues and receipts of every kind received from operating the Hotel and all departments and parts thereof; including but not limited to, income from both cash and credit transactions, income from the rental of rooms, stores, offices, banquet rooms, conference rooms, exhibits or sale space of every kind, license, lease and concession fees and rentals (not including gross receipts of licensees, lessees and concessionaires), vending machines, health club membership fees, food and beverage sales, wholesale and retail sales of merchandise, service charges, and proceeds, if any, from business interruption or other loss of income insurance; provided, however , that Gross Revenue shall not include : (a) gratuities to the Hotel's employees, (b) federal, state or municipal excise, sales or use taxes or similar impositions collected directly from customers, patrons or guests or included as part of the sales prices of any goods or services paid over to federal, state or municipal governments, (c) property insurance or condemnation proceeds (excluding proceeds from business interruption or other loss of income coverage), (d) proceeds from the sale or refinance of assets other than sales in the ordinary course of business, (e) funds furnished by the Franchisee, (f) judgments and awards other than for lost business, (g) the amount of all credits, rebates or refund (which shall be deductions from Gross Revenues) to customers, patrons or guests, (h) receipts of licensees, concessionaires, and tenants, ( i ) payments received at the Hotel for hotel accommodations, goods or services to be provided at other hotels, although arranged by, for or on behalf of the Resident/Property Manager; (j) the value of complimentary rooms, food and beverages, (k) interest income, and (l) lease security deposits. 
 
 “Group Services” shall include, but not be limited to : ( i ) marketing, advertising and promotion; (i i) legal support (such as license and permit coordination, filing and completion, standardized contracts, negotiation and preparation, and similar legal services benefiting the Chain ); (i ii ) purchasing arising out of ordinary hotel operations; (i v ) central reservation system; and ( iv ) such other additional services as are or may be, from time to time , furnished by the Franchisor for the benefit of the Franchis ee, which may be more efficiently performed on a group basis. 
 
 "Hotel" shall mean Hotel One, Rawalpindi which shall be fully equipped with furniture, fixtures, and equipment as are required to operate a hotel in accordance with Franchisor’s applicable standards and at the address location specified above with room number information as is attached hereto in Schedule-I . 
 
 "Indemnifying Party" shall mean any Party obligated to indemnify the other Party under Article XXV of this Agreement. 
 
 “Initial Franchise Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Article III of this Agreement. 
 
 “Intellectual Property” shall mean all software and manuals, brochures, and directives issued by the Franchisor for the Hotel regarding procedures and techniques to be used in operating the Hot el, and shall include Franchise Marks and Software, as set forth in Article XXIV. 
 
 "Inventories" shall mean "Inventories" as defined in the internationally recognized system of accounts , and shall include, but not be limited to, provisions in : storerooms, refrigerators, pantries and kitchens, beverages in wine cellars and bars, other merchandise intended for sale, fuel, mechanical supplies, stationery, and other supplies and similar items. 
 
 “ KIBOR ” shall mean the Karachi Inter-Bank Offered Rate. 
 
 "Key Employees" shall mean the Resident/Property Manager and Executive Employees of the Franch isor, as set forth in Article X; awareness of the Chain or the retention of advertising agencies, marketing consultants, and other professionals to assist in the development and implementation of any of the foregoing. 
 
 "Legal Requirements" shall mean all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses , authorizations , directions and requirements of all governments and governmental authorities, which now or hereafter may be applicable to the management and the operation of the Hotel . 
 
 "Marketing Fund" shall mean a separate fund maintained by the Franchisee for undertaking marketing, advertising and /or promotional programs for the Hotel. Amount to be maintained in the Marketing Fund shall vary , depending upon the marketing requirements of the hotel . 
 
 "Marketing Programs" shall mean any marketing, advertising and /or promotional programs developed by the Franchisor for the Hotel, as the case may be, the costs for which shall be paid from the Marketing Fund. Such programs may include, without limitation, any one or more of the following types of activities: ( i ) purchase of advertising space in magazines, newspapers, and similar printed media; (ii) purchase of advertising space/time on radio, television, internet and other electronic media; (iii) printing and publication of pamphlets, brochures, directories and other materials; and (iv) marketing, promotional and/or public relations campaigns designed to increase sales and/or to increase public. 
 
 “Net Operating Income” means the portion of the Annual Operating Income remaining after deduction of taxes and other governmental obligations and liabilities , to operate the Hotel . 
 
 " Notice(s)" shall mean notices, demands, elections or other communications that a Party to this Agreement may desire or be required to be given , in writing by hand, or by registered mail, or by courier to the other Party, as set forth in Article XXIII. 
 
 "Online Travel Agents" shall mean the online travel agents which Hotel One has on its panel and these Online Travel Agents generate the room bookings for Hotel One properties through various online distribution channels. Online Travel Agents charge Hotel One branch registration fee, annual renewal fee, commission fee on each room ’s sale and any other fee as 