30 September 2020 
 
 DIRECTOR 
 Exchange Policy Department, Central Directorate, 
 State Bank of Pakistan, I.I. Chundrigar Road, Karachi. 
 
 SUBJECT : Response to email dated 30 September 2020 for submission of document with respect to request dated 4 September 2020 for registration of Loan Agreement dated 2 5 August 2020 executed by and between Zameen Limited and Zameen Media (Private) Limited. 
 
 Dear Sir, 
 
 We write with reference to the application dated 4 September 2020 (“ Original Request ”), along with letter s dated 10 September 2020 , 15 September 2020 and 24 September 2020 submitted to J S Bank Limited, Plot No. 14-A, Block D-1, Ghalib Road, Gulberg III, Lahore Branch (“ Authorized Dealer ”), for registration of the Loan Agreement dated 25 August 2020 (“ Loan Agreement ”) executed by and between Zameen Media (Private) Limited (“ Borrower ”) and Zameen Limited (“ Lender ”). 
 
 With respect to the Loan Agreement , the Authorized Dealer vide its email dated 30 September 2020 issued instructions to the Borrower for submission of “ some detail ( p rofile v iew) of investment source of Anam Tahir Baig, Mansour Ahsan and their foreign nationality and r esidency s tatus as requested”. 
 
 Copy of the Authorized Dealer’s email dated 30 .09.2020 is enclosed herewith as Annexure A . 
 
 In response to the above, please see our submissions herein below : 
 
 It is submitted that Anam Tahir Baig is and has been a resident of the State of Qatar. A c opy of her previous and current residency permit for Qatar along with her Pakistani passport is enclosed herewith as Annexure B /1, B/2 and B/3 respectively . 
 
 With respect to Mansour Ahsan, it is submitted that he lived in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for several years and is currently a resident of Pakistan. A copy of his Pakistani passport is enclosed herewith as Annexure C . 
 
 It is further submitted that, to the best of our knowledge, no money was remitted from Pakistan for the subscription of s hares of Anam Tahir Baig and Mansour Ahsan of EMPG Holdings Limited. 
 
 In any event, Anam Tahir Baig and Mansour Ahsan are one of many shareholders in EMPG Holdings Limited and each has less than 1% shareholding of EMPG Holdings Limited , the majority shareholding being with foreign entities and/or individuals. 
 
 We hope the above meets your requirements and that our application for registration of the Loan Agreement and remittance of the Loan Amount to the Borrower’s designated bank account maintained with the Authorized Dealer can be processed expeditiously . 
 
 Should you require any further clarification, p lease do not hesitate to contact us. 
 
 Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 ____ _______ ___ _ 
 Imran Ali Khan 
 Director