Geotechnical Consultancy Agreement 
 This Consultancy Agreement (hereinafter called the “ Agreement ”) is made on the 21 st day of October, 2020 (the “ Effective Date ”), by and between : 
 ZUI Investments, a partnership firm registered under the laws of Pakistan with its registered office located at Pearl One, 94 - B/I M.M Alam Road, Gulberg II, Lahore (hereinafter called the “ Client ” which expression shall include the successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns) 
 A nd 
 Muhammad Irfan , son of Rasheed Ahmed, holder of CNIC No. 35201-1450796-5, a sole proprietor operating under the name of “ Birudo Engineers ” with its registered office located at 107/C, PAF Officers Colony, Zarrar Shaheed Road, Lahore, Pakistan (hereinafter called the “ Consultant ” which expression shall include its successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns). 
 (The Client and the Consultant shall be referred to individually as “ Party ” and collectively as “ Parties ”). 
 
 WHEREAS 
 The Client is undertaking the construction and development of a mixed-use building named and styled as “ Zameen Ace Mall ” (“ Project ”) located at Plot No.15A Sector-J Phase II DHA, Islamabad (the “ Site ”); 
 
 The Geotechnical Consultant has represented to the Client that it has the requisite know-how, technical knowledge, professional skills, personnel and resources to provide the Services agreed under the Agreement. 
 
 T he Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for the for Services, subject to the terms and conditions detailed herein . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows : 
 Definition and Interpretation 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “ Contract Price ” means the total amount payable by the Client to the Consultant in accordance with Clause 3.1 . 
 “ Effective Date ” means 23 September , 2020 
 “ Project ” means the mixed-use building being constructed and developed by the Client named and styled as “ Zameen Ace Mall ”. 
 “ Site ” means Plot No.15-A, Sector-J Phase II DHA, Islamabad. 
 “ Services ” means the geotechnical consultancy services to be provided by the Geotechnical Consultants as fully described in Annexure A. 
 “ Work Product ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause 11.1 . 
 
 
 1.2 Interpretation 
 
 The Parties hereto agree that if an ambiguity or question of intent arises with respect to any provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring either Party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 Scope of Services 
 
 The Client hereby agrees to avail the Consultant’s services for geotechnical investigation and shoring and dewatering designs and the Consultant agrees to provide such services to the Client and to perform all acts and tasks necessary and required for execution and completion of all services to be performed under this Agreement, as more fully described in the attached Annexure A (the “ Services ”). 
 
 The Consultant shall not be relieved of its obligations under the Agreement until the Client has satisfied itself that the Services performed and Work Product delivered under the Agreement conforms with the requirements of the Agreement and industry standards. Any such review, evaluation or inspection by the Client (or third party acting on behalf of the Client) of the Services or Work Product shall not relieve the Consultant of its sole responsibility and liability for the accuracy and completeness of the Work Product or Services. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contract Price and Terms of Payment 
 3.1 Fo r the Services provided by the Consultant under the Agreement, the Client shall pay to the Consultant a total sum of PKR 3,476,699 ( Rupees Three Million Four Hundred Seventy-Six Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-Nine ) (“ Contract Price ”) 
 3.2 The Contract Price shall be payable by the Client to the Consultant in the manner set out below: 
 Sr. No. 
 Milestone 
 Percentage of Contract Price 
 1. 
 Advance payment on the Effective Date 
 20 
 2. 
 Upon completion of field investigations 
 50 
 3. 
 Submission of shoring system design 
 10 
 4. 
 Installation of piezometers 
 10 
 5. 
 Submission of GI report &amp; dewatering syste m 
 10 
 
 3.3 Upon the successful completion of milestones specified in Clause 3.2 above, the Consultant shall issue an invoice to the Client stating the amount and details of the services provided. The Client shall make payments within twenty-one (21) days from the date of the invoice issued by the Consultant . 
 3.4 All payments made by the Client to the Consultants under this Agreement shall be subject to deduction of the applicable taxes in accordance with the law. 
 4. Commencement and Term of Services 
 4.1 The Consultant shall commence the Services within seven (7) days of the Effective Date. This Agreement shall remain effective for a period of twelve (12) months starting from the Effective Date (the “ Term ”). The Parties may renew or extend the Agreement on such terms and conditions as mutually agreed by both Parties. 
 
 5. Consultant’s Obligations 
 5 .1 The Consultant shall be responsible for the professional quality, technical accuracy, completeness, and coordination of the Services. 
 5 .2 The Consultant shall take all reasonable precautions to protect and prevent damage to any adjacent property( ies ), roads, public property or existing utilities and structures when performing the Services under this Agreement. Any damage to such utilities and structures shall be remedied by the Consultant at its own cost and expense. 
 5 .3 The Consultant shall furnish, at its own expense, all labor, materials, equipment, supplies and other items necessary to complete the Services to be provided pursuant to this Agreement. 
 5.4 The Consultant shall be solely responsible for the safety of all its materials, equipment, personnel, supplies and other items at the Site. 
 5 . 5 The Consultant shall be responsible for all payment s to and for the health and safety of the labour employed by the Consultant. The Consultant shall comply with all labour laws and occupational, health and safety regulations and by-laws applicable for the Services provided under this Agreement . More specifically the Consultant shall not to employee any labour below the age of eighteen (18) years. 
 5 . 6 The Consultant shall immediately report to the Client of any deficiencies, faults or errors in the existing design of the Project. 
 6 . Representations and Warranties by the Geotechnical Consultant 
 6 .1 The Consultant represents and warrants that: 
 
 The Consultant has the qualifications, licenses, permits, authorizations, skilled personnel, experience, expertise, and financial resources, technical know-how and ability to perform the Services in a professional manner, without the advice, control or supervision of any third party; 
 
 The Services will be performed, findings obtained, reports and recommendations prepared in accordance with generally and currently accepted industry standards, principles and practices; 
 
 T he Services will be performed with due care and in accordance with applicable federal, provincial or local laws, codes, rules and/or regulations; 
 
 I t is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the laws of Pakistan and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement; 
 
 I t has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any agreement by which it is bound; 
 
 T here are no proceedings pending, or threatened against the Consultant ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) insolvency that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; 
 
 T here is no labour strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending or threatened against or affecting the Consultant’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; 
 
 N o representation or warranty by the Consultant in this Agreement, nor any statement or certificate furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Consultant pursuant to this Agreement, nor any document or certificate delivered to the Company prior or pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the transaction contemplated herein, contains or shall contain any false statement of material fact or omits or shall omit a material fact necessary to make the statement contained therein not misleading; and 
 
 I t shall ensure that the Client’s business reputation, name and goodwill are not affected by reason of any default/breach of this Agreement caused directly or indirectly by the Geotechnical Consultant or its employees, agents, personnel, executives, sub-contractors or assigns. 
 
 7 . Client’s obligations and Representations 
 7 .1 The Client shall have the following obligations under the Agreement: 
 Providing the Consultant uninterrupted and unhindered access to Site during the Term; 
 Payment obligations as per Clause 3 of the Agreement. 
 7 .2 The Client represents that: 
 It is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the Laws of Pakistan and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement; 
 
 It has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any agreement by which it is bound; 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction(s) contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person(s) are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 8 . Inspection of Site and Documents 
 8 .1 The Consultant shall be deemed to have inspected and examined the Site and its surroundings and information available in connection therewith and to have satisfied himself (so far as is practicable, having regard to considerations of cost and time) before signing of the Agreement, as to: 
 The nature of the Site, 
 The extent and nature of work and materials necessary for the performance of the Services, 
 The means of access to the Site and, in general, shall be deemed to have obtained all necessary information, subject as above mentioned, as to risks, contingencies and all other circumstances which may inﬂuence or affect the performance of the Services. 
 Generally, all and any other local conditions of the Site that affect or may affect the Consultant’s obligations under the Agreement. 
 8 .2 Upon request by Consultant, the Client shall furnish any information or documents readily available to Client that the Consultant determines may be of use to the Consultant in the performance of the Services. The Client shall rely upon the Consultant to determine which information and documents may be of use to the Consultant in performance of the Services. The Client makes no representations with respect to the reliability, accuracy, or completeness of any information or documents furnished by the Client. The Consultant shall determine if any clarification, additional information, or additional data is needed, and if so, to request the same from the Client. The Consultant shall be solely responsible to obtain, utilizing its own personnel, any required or relevant information or data from any other public or private entities, if required. 
 8 .3 The Consultant hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all costs and contingencies for successfully performing the Services and satisfying all obligations under the Agreement and to bear all and any consequences resulting from its improper evaluation and interpretations. The Consultant undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments/escalations and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above-mentioned conditions and documents. 
 
 9 . Authorized Representatives &amp; Notices 
 9.1 The authorized r epresentatives of the Parties are the following: 
 For the Client: 
 Name: Faisal Mir Designation: Senior Manager Supply Chain 
 Telephone: +92- 
 E-mail: faisal.mir@zameen.com 
 For the Consultant: 
 Name: Dr. Muhammad Irfan Designation: C hief Executive Officer (CEO), Birudo Engineers 
 Telephone: +92-306-6666010 
 E-mail: birudo-eng@outlook.com 
 
 9.2 Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given to or served on the Party to whom it is addressed via registered post or email. Notices should be addressed to the Parties at the addresses first written above, or to such other address as a Party shall specify in writing. Notices shall be deemed delivered within four (4) working days if sent by registered post or within twenty-four (24) hours if sent by email. 
 10 . Termination 
 10 .1 Without prejudice to any rights or remedies available to the Client under this Agreement or otherwise, the Client, may immediately terminate the Agreement if the Consultant: 
 Delays or suspends Services for a period exceeding fifty-six (56) days, 
 Performs the Services in an unprofessional or improper manner; 
 Commits a material breach of the terms of the Agreement; 
 Any representations or warranties furnished under the Agreement are found to be false, untrue or incomplete; 
 is declared insolvent, bankrupt or winds up; or 
 10 .2 In the event of the Client: 
 
 Failing to pay to the Consultant any undisputed amount payable under the Agreement within twenty-eight (28) days after the payment becomes due as per Clause 3.2 ; or 
 
 Becoming bankrupt or, being a company, going into liquidation, other than for the purpose of a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation, 
 the Consultant shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement by giving fourteen (14) days’ written notice to the Client. 
 10 .3 The Client may terminate the Agreement, without any cause , at any time by giving twenty-one (21) days written notice to the Consultant . 
 
 10 .4 Upon termination of the Agreement, the Client shall pay to the Consultant all outstanding undisputed amounts for the Services provided by the Consultant up to the date of notice of termination. 
 
 10 .5 Upon termination the Consultant shall remove all tools, equipment or machinery (if any) from the Site and shall provide the Client with all Consultant’s Documents. 
 
 10 .6 No termination pursuant to Clause 10 .1 restrict s the Clients right to claim damages, compensations or any other right or interest to which it is entitled pursuant to this Agreement. 
 1 1 . Intellectual Property 
 11.1 The Consultant hereby assigns to the Client all intellectual property rights , interests and titles in , including without limitation , designs, maps, layouts, drawings, specifications, techniques, models, writings, investigations, notes, outlines, reports, digital files, findings, processes or any other material, whether final or non-final, or any constituent elements thereof, created, authored, prepared, produced, maintained, collected or submitted by the Consultant, its employees, representatives or agents under the Agreement (“ Work Product ”) will be considered a work made for hire. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Consultant for any reason retains any right, title or interest in or relating to any Work Product, the Consultant agrees to promptly assign, in writing and without any requirement of further consideration, all such right, title, and interest to the Client. Upon request of the Client at any time during or after the Term, the Consultant will take such further actions, including execution and delivery of instruments of conveyance, as may be appropriate to evidence, perfect, record or otherwise give full and proper effect to any assignments of rights under or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11.2 The Consultant shall obtain all rights, releases, licenses, permits, clearances, and other authorizations, and pay all royalties, charges or other fees, and any other payments for any other property or rights belonging to any third party as necessary for the Client to enjoy the rights to which it is entitled under this Agreement. 
 11.3 The Consultant shall not retain any copies of the Work Product , except if required by order of court or operation of law . 
 11.4 Nothing contained in  this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any license or other right to the Consultant by the Client in respect of any information, documents, logos, work product, patent, trademark, Confidential Information, trade secret or other data or any other intellectual property of the Client. 
 12. Confidential Information 
 1 2 .1 The existence and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any oral or written information (including the Work Product ) shared by and between the Parties in connection with the preparation and/or performance of this Agreement shall be regarded as confidential information by the Consultant. The Consultant including its employees, executives, directors, representatives and agents shall take all reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all such confidential information and shall not disclose any such confidential information to any third parties without obtaining the written consent of the Company, except where such disclosure is required under the law. This clause shall survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement. 
 1 2 .2 No public announcement or press release or publicity of any kind whatsoever related to or in connection with this Agreement shall be made or attempted by or on behalf of either Party (including through their affiliates, representatives, employees, agents etc.) without the prior written consent of the other Party, except where the law requires such disclosure. 
 1 2 .3The Consultant agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Client from and against all sums of money, actions, proceedings, suits, claims, demands, costs, expenses and any other amounts incurred as a result of the unauthorized and unlawful disclosure of Confidential Information to any third party by a wrongful act, error or omission of the Consultant. 
 13. Indemnity 
 13.1 The Consultant agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Client , its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of or relate to breach of any representation or warranty of the Consultant as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfill, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Client or any act, error, omission or negligence of the Consultant . 
 14. Governing Law &amp; Dispute Settlement 
 14.1 In the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Agreement, a mutually acceptable arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both the Parties. The seat of the