\

-

"

I

..· .....,.,. ..'I .•......
, ,..... ..... I
::::..:::::11.. ...1 ....,.

I"'···

/Ill IIIIH/11/INI//IIU HIIIIIIIIII/III/U

"-

E-STAMP
0069-14565972

PB-LHR-09720121493820EB

Non-Judicial

Description
First Party
Second Party

Rs 1,200/-

Agent
Stilonp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)
: Delta Centauri Developments Private Limited through [35202-6505563-5]
: Defence Housing Authority Multan through [34201-7444967-5]
: Waseem Raja [35202-5960651-5]
: Delta Centauri Developments Private Limited through [35202-6505563-5]
: 18-0ct-2021, 04:15:01 PM
: 202165D9DD900CF5

flr!':Junt in Words

: Or.e Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

-

-

- --

- - - - - - - - - - - PleaseWriteBelow This line - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

SALE OF LAND AGREEMENT

SALE OF LAND AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement" is made on this ..... .
Day of..2.0...!9..Cb>l>f¥2021 at Multan.

BETWEEN

The Defence Housing Authority, Lahore - Multan Chapter, established under DHA Lahore
Order 2002, having its principal office at 1 Multan Public School Road, Multan, hereinafter
referred to as "DRAM' through its Project Secretary which constitutes the First Part;

· AND
M/s Delta Centauri Developments Pvt Ltd having its principal office at Grand Enclave
Airport Road, Lahore and/or Company Registration No ... hereinafter referred to as "Delta"
which expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authorize

representative/executors, sub-contractors, agents through its duly authorized representativ ,,
Muhammad Tariq Saadat, which constitutes the Second Part.

1eferre<ii to as "Parties"
)

J

~REAS, DRAM is an authority engaged in the development of housing projects
schemes aimed at the welfare of Army personnel and shuhadas and is an absolute and la

.._.&.11"1,.,

of PLOT NO. RC-01 (hereinafter referred to as "Land") situated at RUMANZA GOLF

,

COURSE COMMUNITY DHA MlJLTAN, (marked on map attached as Annexure-!) which
is free from all sorts of liens I encumbrances.
WHERAS, DHAM aims and intends for the sale of Land as per the provisions of law,
specifically for the purpose of construction, operations, development, marketing & sale of
mixed-use multiple tower buildings including hotel, apartments, offices, commercial, retail,
restaurants, function halls, fitness centers, consisting of Five Star HlLTON HOTEL or
Intercontinental Hotels Group (hereinafter referred to as " Project").
WHEREAS, Delta represents itself a company which deals in the business of construction and
development and has agreed to purchase the Land solely for the purpose of real estate
development of the Project. In this regard, Delta has ensured DHAM that it has all the requisite •
skills, expertise, manpower, infrastructure and necessary financial reso urces to fully perform
all the tasks in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in a timely, professional and
diligent manner.
WHEREAS, DHAM has agreed to sell and the Delta has agreed to purchase the Land owned
by DHAM for the specific purpose of utilizing the same for the construction, development,
marketing and sale of the Project in accordance with the term s and conditions specified
hereunder in this Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual promises and agreement of the parties
expressed herein the parties agree to the sale of designated piece oft and in the following terms:
1.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT:
DHAM has agreed to sell and the Delta has agreed to purchase the Land on the terms
and conditions ofthis agreement, exclusively owned by the DHAM, which is free from , ·
all encumbrances, for the sole and exclusive purpose of construction, development,
operating, marketing and sale of the Project.

2.

AREA OF LAND:
Total Area to be sold by DHAM under th is Agreement shall be Plot no. RC-0 I Located
at RUMANZA GOLF COURSE COMMUNITY DHA MULTAN measuring I 0 Acres
in
aggregate (marked on map attached at Annexure- I). Acre shall be 4000 square yards as
per By Laws ofDHAM.

3.

CONSIDERATION:
3.1.
3.2.

4.

~
'
/ ..
~ ··-...
•·
,
J c, l ,., ........ ."·. '. •··.:4
l i ..... ,
'f't--\ ': -....·1
f• .·. ' ,... ,.....
'\

.

: i

Delta has agreed to purchase the Land at the rate of Rs. 270 Million per acre
which shall be inclusive of Development C harges and approval charges.
Total Price of the Land at the rates mentioned at clause 3. 1 shall be Rs. 2.7 , ·
Billion including development & project approval charges.

PAYMENT SCHEDULE:

\

Delta shall be under obligation to make the Payments regarding the Land to DHAMtas
per the payme nt schedule attached as Annexure-11 (the " Payment Schedule"). Late

. . .

\'

~u~ · .., ~·

·

J.

'· ... .:Yf{oj'bl

.·~ \......··"-·y,/..:·.'f

\ "<,..

·

\

.·

""~ . . . .. . .......
f)

Payment Surcharge @ 16% per annum shall be applicable on the defaulted amount for
each day of delay, which shall be in add ition to the penalty as referred in clause 17.
5.

TAXATION:
Delta shall also be under obl igation to pay all applicable taxes including withholding
taxes payable under the provision of the Income Tax Ordina nce, 200 I particularly those
payable along with payment of down payment I instalments. Decision of DHAM
regarding applicabi lity of taxes shall be final as per Law.

6.

TIME PERIOD FOR COMPLETION OF PROJECT:

7.

Delta shall be under obligation to complete the construction of the Project four (4) years
from the grant of approvals of Construction Drawings by DHAM. A grace period of 6
months may be granted by DHAM.
HANDING OVER POSSESSION OF LAND:
Upon the payment of the down payment mentioned in Annex ure II , DHAM shall hand
over the vacant possession of the Land to Delta for the purpose of initiating construction
and development of the Project, however, such possession shall be conditio nal till the
successful payment of entire land price as per the Payment Schedule attached as
Annexure- II (the " Payment Schedule"). After taking over the possession of the from
DHAM, Delta shall have uninterrupted access to the Land for any purpose whatsoever
for the planning of the Project including but not limited to site survey, soil investigation
and testing. After grant of Approvals from DHAM, Delta shall also be at liberty to
install its machinery, depute workers, place construction materials, etc. to start the
construction and development.
•

8.

ISSUANCE OF ALLOTMENT LETTER
After payment of the land as per payment schedule (Annexure II), DHAM shall by way
of issuance of allotment letter, sell and transfer all rights of land to Delta, in order to
facilitate Delta in raising project financing as per Delta's requirements, by way of
creating mortgage, Iien, or charge on the allotted parts of the Land or by any other mean
of financing and investment through the foreign or local investors, banks, capital
markets, investment banks, trusts, and financial institutions.

9.

OBLIGATIONS OF DELTA:
Under this Agreement, Delta shall be under absolute obliga6on to fu lfil the following
tasks:
,
a. Obligation of Use of Land:
1.
Delta, after taking possession of the Land, shall utilize the same solely
for the purpose of planning and construction of the Project without
compromising on the quality of materials. DHAM or any of
representative ofDHAM shall have the right to inspect the quality of the
material used by Delta at any time and Delta shall fully cooperate in this I
regard. If it is found that defective or sub-standard material is being use~
by Delta, the same shall be confronted with the Delta and Delta shall be,
bound to remedy the same. Upon failure of Delta to remedy the cause',
within a mutually agreed time, DHAM shall have the right to terminate
the Agreement. DHA MU LT A by laws shall be complied with in this

•

ii.

regards Delta shall not utilize the Land for any other purpose than the
Project.
As per the agreement, mu lti-storied mixed use bui ldings shall
be constructed, operated, sold and developed by Delta

b. Obli2ation ofljme!y Comp!etjop of project:
Delta shall be bound to complete the construction of Project within the time frame
mentioned under clause 6, failing which penalties, fines and surcharges as
mentioned in c lause 17 shall be applicable on Delta unless such delays are
attributable to DHAM for fulfillment of obligations under this agreement.

c. Performance Securitv
•

•

•
•
•

•

In order to ensure proper and due performance under this Agreement, Delta shall
provide a n unconditional Performance Security to the DHAM at the time of signing
of this Agreement possession of the land. It is agreed between the Parties that only
after the submission of Performance Security-along with down payment,
Allocation letter of the land shall be delivered to Delta. The insurance companywill require underlying agreement in order to issue performance guarantee
The Performance Security shall be for an amount-not-less than 5% of the total price
of Land and shall be in the form of Insurance Guarantees issued by an Insurance
Company with AA credit-rating in Pakistan.
The Performance Guarantees shall be kept valid for the fu ll amount by Delta 611
the complete construction of the Project. Shall be borne by the Delta.
The cost of complying with requirements of this Clause
Only after complete construction of the Project as well as complete payment made
by Delta as per the Payment Schedule, Performance-Security shall be released by
DHAM.
Failure ofDelta to make payments as per the Payment Schedule or non-completion
of the Project withi n the time mentioned at c lause 6 shall legally entitle DHAM to
encash performance security along w ith termination of the agreement un less such
delays are attributable to any delay by DHAM to fu lfil l its obligations under th is
agreement

d. Obli2a tjon of T imely Payment;
Delta shall be under obligation to make payments to DHAM strictly as per the
payment schedule (Annexure ll) mentioned under c lause 4 of this Agreement, ·
failing which DHAM shall reserve the right to terminate the Agreement and '
recover possession of the entire Land from Delta strictly in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

e. Obligations rega rdjna Construction of Project:
1.

ti.

Delta shall be bound to perform the entire tasks, works, development,
marketing and sales in its own capacity. Delta allowed to hire sub- I
contractors. The cost I remuneration of hiring sub-contractors shall be {
the sole responsibility of Delta and responsib ilities under the Agreement 1
shall at a ll times vest in delta.
Provided that Delta and its contractors have uninterrupted access to the
Land after handing over of possession, Delta shall submit to DHAM a

•

~'
~ ,~

·'

"·

'
•

rn.

iv.

v.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

detailed Master Plan along with complete drawings, maps and progress
schedule with in the Six (6) Months of possession (possession wi ll be
given after first payment as per Annexure Il) of the land in the manner
as prescribed by the DHAM which shall be subject to the approval I ,
amendments of DHAM. Only after the approval of drawings by
DHAM, Delta shall be at liberty to initiate the construction a nd
development ofthe Project. DHAM shall approve the drawings within
4 weeks fro m submission by Delta
Construction, Designing and Supervision of construction of the Project
sha ll be the sole responsibi lity of the Delta which sha ll be in consonance
with the DHA Multan 's bye-laws as (Applicable by- laws as amended
from time to time) and other relevant laws of the land.
Delta shall be bound to submit to DHAM detailed work program after
submission of detailed drawings to monitor the scheduled progress and
detailed progress report regarding the Project after every 6 Month by
P&D
Branch of DHAM which shall include but shall not be limited to 3D I
Layout
plans, details regarding execution of works, description of works, labor
employment, local material procurement, import material if any and all
other details which DHAM shall demand I require.
'
Delta shall make his own arrangements at its own cost and expense
regarding supply of water, power and sanitary facilities. Delta s hall be
responsible for the supply, maintenance, repair and operation of all the
services at his own cost throughout the construction period w ithin its
land. Excavatedsoilfromtheprojectcanonlybeused as backfill at
same project and surplus soil will not be used for sale I purchase by Delta
outside DHAM premises. However, Infrastructure of a ll the uti lities not
limited to electricity, water, gas, etcshallbeprovidedby DHAM
ti ll thenodepoi ntof the land for utilities connections. It shall be the
responsibil ity of Delta to take all approvals and submit government dues
and fees for the purpose of installation of a ll the public utilities including
but not limited to electric ity, water, gas,etc .
Delta shall proceed with extreme care and caution with the performance
of its obligations and in case any damage done to any property ofDHAM
or any other person whether moveable or immovable. As a direct result
of any negligence of Delta, Delta shall solely be responsible fo r any such '
damage and it shall be borne by Delta. Delta shall indemnify DHAM
against any loss or claim in this regard.
Delta shall, at his own cost and under his own responsibility, carryout
all disposal and dumping of spoils, debris etc. in the manner and at the
location approved by the relevant Authority having jurisdiction and the
DHAM.
Delta shall be fully responsible for all safety and security
mattersincluding but not limited to any injuries to employers, labors,
personnel, persons and property, loss of life, damages or such other
matters of detriment happening as a result of execution of works and
matters related thereto, and Delta undertakes to indemnify DHAM
against any and all claims in this regard.
,

In order to provide for the safety, health and welfare of persons, and for /

i

prevention of damage and injury of any kind, all operations for the
purposes of or in with the Agreement shall be carried out in compliance \
with the safety requirements of the Government of Pakistan including ,

•..... . ... ..._•'/1I
•

... __.

!

those of local bodies and Authority, if any, having jurisdiction in this 1 '
regard, with such modifications thereto as when and authorize.
x.
Quality Control and Quality Assurance of all works shall be the
unshared responsibility of Delta, notwithstanding any supervision,
checking and the li ke by the DHAM or any others authorized. All works
carried out by Delta
and all material utilized by them and incorporated into the construction
and development shall be fully compliant with the standard
specifications and
requirements as are mandatory under the prevalent laws (these standards
and specifications shall form part of this agreement). No compromise in
the quality of materials shall be made by Delta and DHAM shall be at
liberty to inspect I object the materials utilized by Delta.
xi. During the execution of this Agreement, Delta shall fully co-operate
with other parties (inc luding but not limited to contractors, consultants,
etc engaged by DHAM) working in the vicinity of the Land. Delta shall
ensure that necessary I adequate safety precautions are observed and, ·
interferences avoided in general and specifically for the works executed
side by side by different contractors. Due consideration must be given
to permit access to sections of the works as required by the contractors
for executions of their works.
xu. Delta shall regularly pay wages to the labor and empl oyees and observe
conditions of labor not less favourable than those established by the
Government or Authority having j urisdiction in th is regard for the trade
or industry where the work is carried out.
XIII. Delta shall be under obligation to employ skilled and professional labor
and workmen for the performance and execution of this Agreement.
XIV. Delta shall at his own cost, liability and arrangement obtain necessary land
I space, provide and maintain inconformity with the rules and
regulations prevailing such housing accommodation and amenities as he
may consider necessary for all his staff and labour, employed for the
purposes of or in connection with the Agreement including but not
lim ited to all fencing, electricity supply, sanitation, cook houses, fire
1
prevention, water supply and other requirements in connection w ith such
housing accommodation or amenities. Delta shall, at its own cost and
expense, after the handover of the Project Site shall construct a
temporary site/sales office on Project Site till such time the construction
reaches first floor
xv. Delta shall further ensure that suitable arrangements are made for the
prevention of epidemics and provisions of necessary welfare and
hygiene requirements.
x'Vi. Delta shall at all times take all responsibilities to prevent any unlawful,
riotous or disorderly conduct by or amongst his and his sub-contractor's
staff and labour and for preservation of peace and protection of persons
and property.
x'Vii. Working hours shall be observed by Delta and its sub-contractors as
stipulated in the Labour Laws of Pakistan. However, when deemed f
necessary to expedite the works, overtime, night time or holiday working/
will be permitted.
i.
x'Viii. All relevant Labour Laws, including Workman's Com pensation Act, etc. ~
shall be fully followed by Delta and enforced by him among his other
entities, personnel, agents, sub-contractors, staff etc. as and where
applicable.

..

,
xix. Delta shall be bound to submit to DHAM copies of all provisional
allocation letter issued to end users I customers I buyers.
f.

Obli2ation to take approya!s. licenses. permjts. etc.

It shall be the sole responsibility of Delta to take all the necessary and requisite
approvals, licenses, permits, etc. fro m the relevant departments required fo r the
purpose of the Project. All the expenses or fees in this regard shall be borne by
Delta and nothing shall be demanded from DHAM. DHAM shall cooperate with
Delta in getting all the requisite approvals from relevant departments
g. Oblj2ation regarding installation of Public Utilities;

,

It shall be the responsibility of Delta to take all approvals and submit
government dues and fees for the purpose of installation of all the public utilities
inc luding but not limited to electricity, water, gas, etc. However, DHAM shall
facilitate Delta in obtaining the such approvals by issu ing NOCs and other
required documentation for such purposes.

h. Obli2atjon re2ardin2 maintenance of the Building;
De lta shall be under obligation to fo llow and comply with all the Bye-Laws of
DHA Multan for the purpose of maintenance of the Bui lding.

i.

Obli2ation to do Marketing and Sales ofthe Buildin2 Units ;
It shall be the sole right and responsibility of Delta to do all marketing and sales
through direct sales, balloting, memberships etc of the Buildings Units from its , '
own resources. Delta may choose any means for the effective marketing and
sales but under no circumstances Delta shall be allowed to use the name and logo
of DHAM except fo r the purpose of referring to location of the Project. All the
marketing material limited to bill boards, sign boards sha ll be approved by
DHAM prior to release (DHAM shall not, in any case, withho ld approval for
more than 5 working days after which it wi ll deemed to be approved) and Delta
shall be bound that no reference to DHAM shall be made in the marketing
material except for allowed purposes referred above. It has further been agreed
between the Parties that Sales of the Building Units or any other excuse shall
not in any case be a condition for clearing the payment of DHAM. In all
eventualities, Delta shall be liable to make entire payment to DHAM as per the
payment schedule mentioned in clause 4. Some marketing material is attached
with this agreement as pre-approved from both parties. Delta shall be perm itted
to commence the sales and market