THE PAKISTAN CREDIT RATING AGENCY LIMITED

Ref. Mand- RA-FY20-116 (24-Apr-20)
ENTITY RATING
ZAMEEN VENTURE ONE (PVT.) LIMITED
PEARL ONE, 94-B/I, MM ALAM ROAD, GULBERG III, LAHORE

FEE MANDATE:
ENTITY:
ADDRESS:

The Parties, as defined in the Rating Agreement namely the PACRA and the Client have entered into an Agreement on
April
30th
this _____day
of _________2020
for the provision of a rating by the PACRA.

1. INITIAL FEE
(1) The initial fee for the assignment is PKR 350,000/-. The fee covers services for a period of 12 months from the
date of signing of this mandate. This includes initial rating, surveillance and any review within this period.
(2) The fee is payable 100% in advance on acceptance of mandate letter.
(3) If for any reason, the Client decides to revoke the mandate or abandons the rating process the already paid fee is
non-refundable.

2. SURVEILLANCE FEE
(1) Surveillance period, for the purpose of surveillance fee, would begin from the first anniversary of this agreement.
(2) Surveillance includes continuous update on the ratings, including any annual/biannual reviews.
(3) The fee for Surveillance shall be PKR 385,000/-, subject to an increase of 10% per annum.
(4) The surveillance fee would be billed on an annual basis. The first such fee would be billed 30 days before the
completion of period covered under initial fee.

3. OTHER TERMS
(1) Any fee, levy, tax or charges levied by the Government will be to the account of the Client and shall be passed on to
the Client.
(2) All expenses incurred by PACRA in connection with undertaking of the rating or any update thereto shall be
reimbursed by Client against invoices of PACRA for the same. PACRA shall also charge PKR 7,000/- per annum
on account of notification of ratings in one English and one Urdu newspaper.
(3) The PACRA reserves the right to charge additional fee or revise the fee structure in case the Client specifically requires
a review of ratings or there are significant changes in the profile of the entity, requiring a comprehensive redoing of
the analysis during the term of this agreement.
(4) All expenses incurred by the PACRA in connection with undertaking of the rating or any update thereto shall be
reimbursed by the Client against invoices of the PACRA for the same.
(5) The fee is due within fifteen (15) days after billing of invoice. However, in case a payment is delayed beyond 15
days, the PACRA shall be entitled to a nominal fee at the rate of 1% per month for period beginning from the date
of invoice. Non-payment or delay of fee beyond the mentioned period shall be construed as breach of the agreement
and may result in withdrawal of the rating.
(6) That no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and
executed by each of the parties or confirmed by an exchange of correspondence.
In case the terms and conditions outlined above are acceptable, please return a copy of the letter duly signed by an
authorized officer of the Client.

Sameer Khan
Head-Business Development & Marketing
For and on behalf of The Pakistan Credit Rating
Agency Limited

For and on behalf of Zameen Venture One (Pvt.)
Limited

Awami Complex FB-1, Usman Block, New Garden Town, Lahore - 54600, Pakistan
PABX: 92(42) 3586 9504 Fax: 92(42) 583 0425 E-mail: pacra@pacra.com
www.pacra.com