PROJECT SALES AGREEMENT 
 
 This Project Sales Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on [●] by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN CORE (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, M . M . Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Mohsin Gulzar bearing CNIC No. 35202-2803792-5 (“ Zameen Sales ”, which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 AND 
 
 LUCKY HOUSING ASSOCIATES , a partnership firm incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Karachi , acting through its duly authorised partners, i ) Mr. Farhan Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-1161242-9 , ii) Mr. Faisal Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-4043990-3 , iii) Mr. Bilal Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-9765340-5 , iv) Mr. Muhammad Asif Dhedhi bearing CNIC No. 42301-0418956-5 (“ Customer ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 (Zameen Sales and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ”) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Customer is undertaking a real estate project, named and styled as ‘ Mehran Icon ’ , comprising of one hundred and twenty (120) Residential Apartments and thirty (30) Commercial Shops/Offices based on an area of two thousand four hundred eighty-eight point eight eight square yards (2488.88 square yards) and located at COMM-20, Sector-Y-IV, Gulshan-e- Maymar , Scheme-45, Gadap Town, Karachi (“ Project ”); 
 
 Zameen Sales is in the business of providing sales and marketing/promotion services to real estate developers , including inter alia organising sales events, providing after-sales services , processing token refunds and collecting payments from buyers up to thirty percent ( 30% ) of the sale proceeds from their real estate project ; and 
 
 The Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for the performance of Services (defined below) by Zameen Sales with respect to the Project on the basis of the Customer providing Leads and granting an exclusive right to Zameen Sales in this regard, as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , Zameen Sales and the Customer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 DEFINITIONS &amp; INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definitions: 
 
 Buyer means any person, company or entity that purchases any Unit in the Project, jointly or individually ; 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5. 1 (iv) ; 
 
 Competent Authority means any federal, provincial or local government or any other competent authority empowered by law, department or regulatory body which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement ; 
 
 Defaulting Charges has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 15.2; 
 
 Escrow Account has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9.1; 
 
 Escrow Agent has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9. 4 ; 
 
 Initial Fund(s) means the down payment of up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price received from a Buyer of a Unit, wholly or in piecemeal , into the Escrow Account ; 
 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form ; 
 
 Inventory means the total of one thousand three hundred and twenty-nine (1,329) Units in the Project, available for Zameen Sales to sell, as listed in Annexure A. While the number of the Units in the Project may vary as a result of structural reorganisation, the square footage of the Inventory shall remain unchanged. Any Unit in addition to the Inventory sold by Zameen Sales , as well as any Units created as a result of aforementioned structural reorganisation of the Project , shall be deemed to be a part of the Inventory in Annexure A ; 
 
 Lead (s) means any person who expresses any interest in the Project on and from the Effective Date; 
 
 Mobilisation Time has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 6.1; 
 
 Permitted Discounts means the maximum discounts that the Customer has permitted Zameen Sales to extend to the Buyers, as per Clause 7 ; 
 
 Premium means, where the Sale Price is higher than the Quoted Price of a Unit, the difference between the two ; 
 
 Quoted Price means the price of any Unit in the Project as specified in the Price Schedule in Annexure B . Any price variation due to the Unit’s location, view, extra size, or any other additional or special facilities, application of any discount under Clause 7, shall be deemed to be a part of the Quoted Price ; 
 
 Sale Price means the price of any Unit in the Project at which the same is actually sold to any Buyer(s) after any applicable discounts, unless otherwise specified. For the avoidance of doubt, Sale Price will always be construed as the overall price of a Unit payable by the Buyer irrespective of any deposit, down payment, or a failure on the part of the Buyer to pay future instalments ; 
 
 Term has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.1 ; 
 
 Schedule of Work has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.9 ; 
 
 Services means all sales and marketing/promotion services to be provided by Zameen Sales during the Service Period of this Agreement, as more specifically described in Annexure D ; 
 
 Service Period has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 4.1 ; 
 
 Service Fee means the Flat Fee, Zameen Sales Premium, Marketing Fee, and Cancelled Unit Fee, along with any other fees to be charged by Zameen Sales to the Customer for providing the Services , as detailed in Clause 5 ; and 
 
 Unit means a single office, commercial shop , food court or plaza in the Project as listed in the Inventory in Annexure A. 
 
 Interpretation: 
 
 Any terms used in this Agreement in the singular, where the context so permits , shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa. 
 
 TERM &amp; SCOPE 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective from [●] and may be terminated after expiry of the Service Period in accordance with Clause 13.1 below (“ Term ”). 
 
 The Customer has agreed to avail the Services with respect to the Project, and Zameen Sales has agreed to provide the Services to the Customer subject to the provision of L eads and grant of exclusivity by the Customer to Zameen Sales with respect to the Project , as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 EXCLUSIVITY 
 
 The Customer hereby grants an exclusive right to Zameen Sales t o prov ide the Services for sale and marketing/promotion of the Project , to the exclusion of all third parties , except to the limited extent permitted under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, sell any Unit in the Project and/or provide information related to potential buyers to any third party during the Term of this Agreement . 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that Zameen Sales shall have the right to authorize any third party, including estate agencies, property agents/dealers or any other entity, company or person, at its sole discretion, to sell the Units of the Project, or to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the Customer hereby grants to Zameen Sales , for up to one ( 1 ) year from the termination of this Agreement, the right of first refusal to sell and to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, with respect to any other inventory available in the Project . Provided that: 
 
 The Customer is under no obligation and shall have exclusive discretion to make available for sale any U nit (s) at any time; and 
 
 The right of first refusal shall extend to any U nit (s) or I nventory made available for sale during the Service Period of this Agreement or within one ( 1 ) year of termination hereof, notwithstanding whether such U nit (s) or I nventory is made available for sale by a third party to whom the Customer may have transferred any such Unit . 
 
 The right of first refusal under Clause 3. 3 shall be exclusively granted to Zameen Sales on the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen Sales shall provide the Services as more fully described in Annexure D for a period of one ( 1 ) year commencing from the expiry of the Mobilisation Time , as per the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Customer acquiring and providing to Zameen Sales all necessary approvals and no-objection certificates for the Project from the Competent Authorities (“ Service Period ”) . 
 
 The P arties hereby acknowledge that for performance of the Services inter alia , including sale of the Units, Zameen Sales shall effect sales on: 
 
 The L eads provided by the C ustomer, generated through the performance of IT and IT - enabled Service; and 
 
 The L eads generated by Zameen Sales , through marketing/promotion of the P roject , which shall include inter alia , advertisement through Project s ite branding, billboards, s treamers, sales events, Project site events and property expos. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that for performance of Services under this Agreement, Zameen Sales shall have the absolute right and discretion to determine the mediums to be deployed/used to deliver the Services with respect to the Project, including inter alia , determining the appropriate strategy, budget and platforms to be utilise d by Zameen Sales . 
 
 Zameen Sales shall not be liable in any manner for any delay or failure on the part of the Buyer to make any payment/instalment of up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price. 
 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 As consideration for the Services performed by Zameen Sales under this Agreement, Zameen Sales shall be entitled to the following Service Fee: 
 
 fee equal to two percent ( 2 %) of the Sale Price of all Units sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof (“ Flat Fee ”) ; 
 
 in the event that a Premium is earned on the sale of a Unit, the Customer shall pay fifty percent (50%) of the Premium (“ Zameen Sale s Premium ”) to Zameen Sales during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof ; 
 
 a marketing fee with respect to the product promotion activities conducted by Zameen Sales , which shall be equal to one percent (1%) of the Sale Price of all Units sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof (“ Marketing Fee ”); and 
 
 in the event of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account, Zameen Sales shall not be entitled to any of the aforementioned fees. However, in the event that the Customer charges the Buyer any cancellation fee, fifty percent (50%) of such fee shall be paid to Zameen Sales (“ Cancelled Unit Fee ”). 
 
 Subject to the permitted discounts in Clause 7 below, the Parties agree that, for the purpose of payment of Service F ee to Zameen Sales under this Agreement, a Unit shall be deemed sold if a minimum of ten percent ( 1 0%) of the Sale Price of such Unit has been paid by the Buyer. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account , both Zameen Sales and Customer shall return their respective share received against such Cancelled Unit into the Escrow Account within fourteen (14) working days. 
 
 In the event cancellation of any Unit for which an amount equal to, or exceeding thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account , Zameen Sales’ Service Fee with respect to such Unit shall be full and final, and non-refundable. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit, Zameen Sales shall sell such cancelled Unit as per the terms of this Agreement and subject to applicable fee(s) hereunder. 
 
 In the event that any Unit is sold by Zameen Sales at fifty percent ( 5 0% ) or above upfront payment, Service Fee shall be charged in full (or on a pro rata basis) at the Sale Price of the Unit after deduction of applicable discount(s), if any. 
 
 The Customer understands and confirms that Zameen Sales shall be entitled to the Service Fee in respect of every Unit sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof , irrespective of whether the Unit(s) have been sold by Zameen Sales , the Customer or any third party and notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and / or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any such Unit. 
 
 SALES OF PROJECT 
 
 Zameen Sales shall mobilise the S ervices under this Agreement after thirty ( 30 ) days following the provision of the following documents, materials and information by the Customer ( “ Mobilisation Time ”) required to enable Zameen Sales to perform the Services : 
 
 Provide to Zameen Sales , all necessary approvals for the Project from the relevant development, local, municipal authority or any other Competent Authority; 
 
 Provide to Zameen Sales, all necessary documents and materials required for branding of the Project; and 
 
 Execute an Escrow with the Escrow Agent in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152581784 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 9. 5 . 
 
 Zameen Sales shall be entitled to undertake and perform the Services, along with any other services related thereto, from any office or place deemed appropriate by Zameen Sales at its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 Zameen Sales shall sell the Inventory listed in Annexure A in accordance with the Price Schedule in Annexure B . 
 
 The Parties agree that Zameen Sales shall offer, at its discretion, to any Buyer any one of the payment plans specified in Annexure C. 
 
 With respect to the Services, Zameen Sales shall achieve periodical sales targets under this Agreement in 5 cycles, each of which consists of 12 mo n ths (“ Periodic Cycle ”) as fully defined in Annexure E (“ Sales Targets ”). Provided that the Sales Targets will commence subject to the fulfilment of obligations by the Customer under Clauses 6.1 and 10.5 . Any delay on the part of the Customer with respect to the aforementioned clauses shall result in an automatic extension of time allotted to the Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement , which shall be at least equal to the time of delay on the part of the Customer. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen Sales is unable to meet a minimum of seventy percent ( 70 %) of the periodical Sales Targets during the corresponding Periodic Cycle as specified in Annexure E , the exclusivity granted to Zameen Sales under Clause REF _Ref152581908 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 3 may be revoked, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen Sales sells seventy percent ( 70 %) of the total Inventory by the end of the Service Period, the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by six months. 
 
 PRICE CONTROL AND PERMITTED DISCOUNTS 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that the Quoted Price of any Unit, as per the Price Schedule in Annexure B , shall remain fixed during the Service Period of this Agreement, unless mutually agreed otherwise in writing between the Parties hereto . The determination shall solely be subject to the market conditions. 
 
 Zame en Sales shall be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a discount of ten percent ( 10 %) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at one hundred percent ( 100 %) upfront payment, and a discount of nine percent ( 9 %) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at thirty percent ( 30 %) upfront payment . 
 
 The Customer acknowledges and agrees that Zameen Sales shall have the right to give/offer any discounts permitted in the Clauses 7.2 and REF _Ref152582001 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 7.3 above, individually and/or cumulatively, as the case may be , to any Buyer . 
 
 PAYMENT OF SERVICE FEES 
 
 Customer hereby undertakes to pay Zameen Sales the Flat Fee ( s ), Marketing Fees and the Zameen Sales Premium , in the following manner: 
 
 Customer shall pay one percent ( 1 %) of the Sale Price to Zameen Sales on payment of ten percent ( 10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer ; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further one percent ( 1 %) of the Sale Price to Zameen Sales on payment of further ten percent ( 10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer , taking the aggregate payment/instalment(s) to twenty percent ( 20 %) of the Sale Price; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further one percent (1 %) of the Sale Price along with the Zameen Sales Premium (if any) due under the terms of this Agreement, to Zameen Sales on payment of further ten percent (10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer , taking the aggregate payment/instalment(s) to thirty percent (30 %) of the Sale Price. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee shall be payable by the Customer to Zameen Sales as and when a sale may be cancelled. 
 
 In the event that more than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price is paid by the Buyer as a single up front down payment , the proportionate Service Fee on pro-rata basis shall be paid to Zameen Sales in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152582047 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 8.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen Sales shall invoice the Customer within three (3) days after every sale of a Unit(s), payment of every down payment /, cancellation of sale by the Buyer or for any other fee / payment due to Zameen Sales under this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen’s invoice shall be deemed approved and accepted by the Customer on the lapse of three (3) calendar days from the date of the invoice, unless the Customer raises any reasonable dispute/objection, through written notification, in case of over- or under-billing. If no objection is received within the stipulated time above, the Customer shall have no right to raise any objection thereafter. 
 
 Any objection notified by the Customer in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152582072 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 8.5 above must contain proof of over or under-billing. Moreover, the Parties shall ensure that any such objection or dispute is resolved within three (3) days from the date of notification. 
 
 In the event that Customer fails to approve Zameen’s invoice(s) or issue letter(s) of instruction to the Escrow Agent under Clause 8.5 , within 3 (three) days from the date of any such invoice, or within 3 (three) days of resolution of any objection raised by the Customer under Clause 8.5 , as the case may be, then Customer shall pay late penalty of PKR 50,000 / - (Pak Rupees Fifty Thousand Only). Provided that late payment charges shall be in addition to the unpaid invoice and shall be paid by the Customer in aggregate . 
 
 Any delay on the part of Customer in approving the invoice(s) and / or signing of the letter(s) of instruction shall result in an automatic proportionate extension of the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 All applicable taxes shall be borne by either party as per local law(s). All invoices generated under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable withholding tax and sales tax. 
 
 ESCR