List of S tandard C lauses 
 
 Amendment 
 No variations, modifications, amendment or alterations to this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and duly signed by the authori z ed signatories of each Party. 
 
 Amicable Settlement &amp; Arbitration 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Contract or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by negotiation. Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Contract will first be submitted in writing to a panel of two senior executives of Employer and the Contractor, who will promptly meet and confer in an effort to resolve such dispute. Each Party’s executive will be identified by notice to the other Party, and may be changed at any time thereafter by notice to the other Party. Any agreed decisions of the executives will be final and binding on the Parties. In the event the executives are unable to resolve any dispute within [●] days after submission of the same to them, either Party may then refer such dispute to arbitration in accordance with Clause [●] below . 
 If no settlement can be reached between the parties, then the dispute will be submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three arbitrators. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore . Each Party shall pay its own legal expenses. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon both the Parties. 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by negotiation. In the event the Parties are unable to resolve any dispute within ten (10) days after the dispute arises, the Parties shall refer the matter to a sole arbitrator (the “ Arbitrator ”). Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be submitted in writing to the Arbitrator, who will promptly meet and confer with the Parties in an effort to resolve such dispute. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore. Any decisions of the Arbitrator will be final and binding on the Parties. Each Party shall pay its own legal expenses. 
 
 OR 
 Any dispute under or arising out of this Agreement shall be referred in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties . 
 
 Assignment 
 This Agreement or any interest herein shall not be assigned in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other party. 
 OR 
 The Contractor shall not assign whole or any part of its interest or obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 Confidentiality: 
 The existence and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any oral or written information disclosed by the Company in connection with the preparation and/or performance of this Agreement shall be regarded as confidential information by the Contractor . The Contractor including its employees, executives, directors, representatives and agents shall take all reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of all such confidential information and shall not disclose any such confidential information to any third parties without obtaining the written consent of the Company , except where such disclosure is required under the law. This clause shall survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement. 
 OR 
 The Contractor shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any person or third party and must ensure that its executives, officers, employees, representatives and agents do not disclose any Confidential Information except as required by order of court or operation of law. The Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Zameen from and against all sums of money, actions, proceedings, suits, claims, demands, costs, expenses and any other amounts whatsoever incurred as a result of the unauthorised and unlawful disclosure of Confidential Information to any third party by a wrongful act, error or omission of the Contractor . The Contractor shall take all reasonable steps, and must ensure that its employees, agents, officers, executives, representatives or contractors employed or hired by it, to ensure adequate protection against theft, loss, damage, misplacement or leakage of all Confidential Information received from Zameen. This clause shall survive the termination and expiry of this Agreement. 
 OR 
 No public announcement or press release or publicity of any kind whatsoever related to or in connection with this Agreement shall be made or attempted by or on behalf of either Party (including through their affiliates, representatives, employees, agents etc.) without the prior written consent of the other Party, except where the law requires such disclosure. 
 OR 
 Party no. 1 shall keep confidential all non-public information obtained in connection with the services rendered under this Agreement and shall not disclose any such information or use any such information except in furtherance of its duties under this Agreement or as may be required by applicable legal requirements or order by a court of competent jurisdiction . 
 OR 
 In consideration for the Company making available to Recipient the Confidential Information and such other finances, equipment, facilities, supplies, trade secrets or time of the Company or its affiliates, the Recipient shall not, and undertakes that he shall not, at any time, whether during the term of the Employment Contract or after expiry or termination thereof for any reason whatsoever, disclose, divulge, make public, impart or make use of any Confidential Information for the use of the Recipient or for any other purpose or to anyone other than as directed by or with the consent of the Company. 
 The Recipient shall not, and undertakes that he shall not, except in the proper course of his duties under the Employment Contract, remove from the premises of the Company or copy or allow others to copy the contents of any document, computer disk, tape or other tangible item which contains any Confidential Information or which belongs to the Company, acquired directly or indirectly during the course of his employment. 
 Conflict: 
 In case of a conflict between [●] or any other document related to the Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail. 
 Corporate Representations &amp; Warranties: 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the Contractor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company: 
 
 The Contractor is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the Laws of Pakistan and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement. 
 
 The Contractor has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any agreement by which it is bound. 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction(s) contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person(s) are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to the Company that it shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations, whether local, regional or national which are applicable to any work related to or connected with performance of this Agreement, including the applicable labour law of Pakistan. 
 
 All necessary consents, approvals, licenses, permits authorizations in connection with the works including but not limited to those from any governmental or regulatory body, agency, department, commission, board, bureau or other authority, or such other persons, as the case may be, have been sought and obtained or will be sought, obtained and maintained, by the Contractor at its own cost and expense, from the relevant authorities. 
 
 The Contractor is in complete compliance with all permits/licenses, including temporary permits/licenses, to provide services etc. of the nature and type under this Agreement; and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of federal, state or local entities which may have jurisdiction over the Contractor such that any failure of compliance will not have an adverse effect on the Contractor’s ability to enter, execute, deliver or consummate this Agreement. 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, do not constitute a violation of any Laws of Pakistan and/or any of the Agreements/understandings which any or each of the said Parties are bound by. 
 
 There is no labour strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending or threatened against or affecting the Contractor’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 No representation or warranty by the Contractor in this Agreement, nor any statement or certificate furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Contractor pursuant to this Agreement, nor any document or certificate delivered to the Company prior or pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the transaction contemplated herein, contains or shall contain any false statement of material fact or omits or shall omit a material fact necessary to make the statement contained therein not misleading. 
 
 The Contractor has sufficient skill, training, experience, technical know-how, capacity and resources including machinery, equipment, vehicles, etc., necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the satisfaction of the Company. 
 
 The Contractor’s personnel shall possess all skills, experience, training, competence, guidance and motivation required for the timely and efficient execution of the work in accordance with this Agreement, to the satisfaction of the Company. 
 
 The Contractor shall ensure that the Company’s business reputation, name and goodwill are not affected by reason of any default/breach of this Agreement caused directly or indirectly by the Contractor or its employees, agents, personnel, executives, sub-contractors, assigns etc. 
 
 Counterparts: 
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and same instrument. 
 
 definitions 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” shall mean the direct or indirect ownership of a majority shareholding or other ownership interests in such Person and the ability to elect or appoint a majority of the board of directors (if a corporation) and otherwise to direct the management, policies and business affairs of such Person. 
 Applicable Laws means any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, ordinance, enactment, judgment, order, code, decree, directive, notification, having the force of law and any form or decision of or determination by a Competent Authority, now or hereafter in effect having application to the terms of the Agreement or jurisdiction over any Parties in each case as amended, re-enacted or replaced to the extent applicable to the Agreement ; 
 “ Claim ” shall mean any and all foreseeable or unforeseeable, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, alleged or actual and consequential action of whatsoever nature, cause of action (whether in tort, agreement or strict liability, and whether in law, equity, statutory or otherwise), claim, demand, lawsuit, legal proceeding, administrative or other proceedings or litigation . 
 
 Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement and its annexures and any other documents inferred herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement and supersedes and overrides all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, between the Parties. 
 Force Majeure 
 
 Either Party shall be excused from the performance of any of his obligations under this Agreement and such obligations shall be extended by a period reasonable under the circumstances if the performance thereof is prevented or delayed by industrial disputes or any cause beyond the affected Party's reasonable control which, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include acts of God, riots, wars, national emergencies, acts of terrorism, epidemic/pandemic, accidents, lockdowns, embargo, or requisition. 
 
 The Party which cannot continue its contractual obligations shall inform the other Party about the starting and finishing of the force majeure event in writing immediately but not later than [●] days from starting date of the Force Majeure event. If the delay continues for a period of more than [●] days, the Party not claiming force majeure may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other Party. 
 
 Governing Law: 
 This Agreement is executed pursuant to, and shall be construed under and governed exclusively by, the substantive and procedural laws of Pakistan. 
 
 Indemnity: 
 The Contractor agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Company , its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of or relate to breach of any representation or warranty of the Contractor as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfill, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Company . 
 OR 
 
 The Contractor shall, except if and so far as the Contract provides otherwise, indemnify the Employer against all losses and claims in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, or 
 loss of or damage to any property, which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the w orks and services done under this Contract and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever in respect there in relation thereto . 
 OR 
 Each Party (“Indemnifying Party”) will indemnify, defend and pay all amounts (including damages, costs, fines and penalties) finally awarded or reasonably agreed to in settlement or finally assessed against the other Party, its employees, officers and directors (“Indemnified Party”) incurred by the Indemnified Party arising from claims, whether based in whole or in part in contract, applicable laws and regulations or otherwise to the extent resulting from any of any breach by the indemnifying party of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and gross negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnifying party. 
 
 Either Party shall not be liable for any losses, claims or damages suffered by the other Party, except where such direct loss, liability or otherwise is as a result of gross negligence, error, omission, criminal activity, breach of law or fraud by the other Party. 
 
 OR 
 
 The Customer shall not be liable for any loss, claims or damages for any and all causes whatsoever except where such direct loss, liability or otherwise is as a result of gross negligence, error, omission, criminal activity or fraud by the Customer. The Customer’s maximum aggregate liability to CMPak , under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss, whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort, shall not exceed a sum equal to the value of the amount already paid to CMPak by the Customer in relation to which such claim arises . 
 
 Injunctive Relief 
 Nothing herein contained shall bar either Party’s right to obtain injunctive relief against threatened conduct which may cause it to incur loss or damage, under applicable equity roles, including the applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 Intellectual Property 
 " Intellectual Property " includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form. 
 Nothing contained in  this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any license or other right in either Party, to or in respect of any work p roduct, patent, trademark, Confidential Information, trade secret or other data or any other intellectual property of the other Party, except as expressly set forth herein. 
 Each Party shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to all Products in its trademarks, logos and other brand elements (collectively, “Trademarks”) . To the extent a party grants any rights or licenses to its Trademarks to the other party in connection with this Agreement, the other party’s use of such Trademarks will be subject to the reasonable trademark guidelines provided in writing by the party that owns the Trademarks. 
 Interpretation 
 In this Agreement , unless the contrary intention appears: 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement ; 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa ; 
 the word "person" includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority; 
 a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors, nominees and assigns; 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending 24 hours later; 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 if any obligation under this Contract is required to be performed on a day other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in [●] , Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day; and 
 reference to ‘written’ or ‘writing’ means any hand-written, typewritten, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission. 
 
 The Parties hereto agree that if an ambiguity or question of intent ar