TEMPORARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
This Temporary Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into at [●] on this [●] day of [●]
(“Effective Date”), by and between:

Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited, a private limited company, registered
under the laws of Pakistan, having its registered place of business located at 2nd floor of E-E Gulberg
III, Lahore, Pakistan (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” which expression shall mean and
include its successors in interest and permitted assigns);

AND
Ms./ Mr. [●], d/o s/o w/o [●], bearing CNIC No. [●], resident of [●] (“Employee”)
[Each a “Party” and, collectively, “Parties”]
WHEREAS, Company is desirous of employing on temporary basis, and the Employee is willing to
accept such employment, to undertake and perform the tasks and responsibilities of «Designation».
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT
1.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Company hereby
engages and the Employee hereby accepts the engagement as «Designation», and to
provide and perform her/his duties in relation thereto, in a timely, expeditious, and
professional manner, and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.

The Employee shall work under Supervision of her/his line manager.

3.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for a period
of [●] or until earlier termination or modification of this Agreement as per the terms hereof
and in accordance with applicable laws (“Employment Period”).
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

4.

Employee is not an agent, representative, assign or nominee of the Company and shall not
at any time during the Employment Period or after termination or expiry hereof, represent
himself/herself as connected with the Company in any capacity.

5.

Employee agrees that the Employee does not have the authority to act for or on behalf of the
Company, to bind the Company in any respect whatsoever, or to incur any debts or liabilities
in the name of or on behalf of the Company.

6.

During the Employment Period or upon termination or expiry hereof, the employee shall not
ipso facto be entitled to, demand or claim regular or permanent employment.

7.

Company shall provide to the Employee such access to Company’s resources, data and
information, personnel, equipment, and property as may be reasonably required by the
Employee in performance of his/her services, subject to Employee’s confidentiality
obligations hereunder.

8.

Employee hereby assigns Company the right to monitor and record exchange of any
communication, information, or data conducted by the Employee via Company's electronic

Commented [ZS1]: As per law, temporary employment
contract (including renewals) cannot exceed 9 months. After
9 months, employee will be considered permanent and
eligible for benefits.

systems. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is
necessary for the purpose of: ensuring compliance with Company’s policies, as may be
amended from time to time; preventing misuse of Company’s facilities, ensuring compliance
with confidentiality obligations or any other term of this Agreement.
REMUNERATION
9.

The Employee’s salary shall be PKR XX,000 per month (the “Remuneration”). The
Remuneration, subject to such deductions, if any, as specified under the terms of this
Agreement including withholding and/or any other applicable taxes, shall be payable on
monthly basis. Unless the Parties hereto otherwise agree in writing, the Company shall pay
the Salary by a direct deposit to Employee’s bank account, details of which are to be provided
by Employee.

10.

The Employee is not entitled to receive or claim any additional benefit of any kind from
Company other than those specifically mentioned in this Agreement. Further, the Employee
shall not be eligible to participate in any pension, health/medical benefit, vacation pay,
provident fund or other fringe benefit plan/policy offered by the Company to its permanent
employees. However, the Employee shall be entitled to sick pay/medical leave and casual
leave on pro-rata basis as per Company Policy.
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS
11. The Employee is not subject to any restraint, limitation or restrictions by virtue of any law,
contract or otherwise which would impair her/his right or ability to enter into this Agreement
with the Company or to perform fully her/his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

12.

Employee represents and warrants that all duties and responsibilities under this Agreement
shall be provided and performed by the Employee in a prompt and diligent manner, exercising
professional skill and reasonable care, and at a level of proficiency and expertise that is
reasonably expected of «Designation».
CODE OF CONDUCT
13. The Employee shall perform all duties and responsibilities under this Agreement with due
care and professional skill. The Employee acknowledges that the duties and responsibilities
provided in this Agreement are not exhaustive and the Employee shall be required to
undertake all tasks that are associated with the position of Designation. The Employee shall
perform all other duties and responsibilities that are assigned to Employee by the Company
from time to time. The tasks or assignments may be subject to changes pending on marketing
activities or project plans. The Employee may be called upon to support and collaborate with
other department members. In such case, the Employee undertakes to extend the required
support and collaborate with relevant department members without any objection or delay.

14.

In the performance of all of her/his duties and responsibilities hereunder, the Employee shall
be subject to, and shall fully comply with, all Company Policies, rules and regulations as are
from time to time in effect and applicable to its employees. So long as the Employee is
employed under this Agreement, except for statutory holidays, vacations and absences due
to temporary illness, Employee shall serve the Company faithfully and to the best of her/his
ability exclusively on behalf of the Company and for the benefit of the Company and any
affiliated companies, and shall competently and diligently discharge her/his duties and
responsibilities hereunder to the complete satisfaction of the Company.

15.

The Employee shall report any wrongdoing committed by her/him or any other officer to
her/his line manager or any other designated officer of the Company.

Commented [ZS2]: Leaves policy of the temporary
employees needs to be included in the Company Policy.

16.

The Employee shall not make any binding commitment on behalf of the Company, unless
authorised by the Company in writing to do so.

17.

The Employee shall not, at any time, make any untrue or misleading statement relating to the
Company, and shall uphold the interests of the Company to the best of her/his ability and shall
do nothing to prejudice such interests at any time, either during the Employment Period or after
termination/expiry hereof.

18.

The Employee shall, at all times, both within and outside of working hours, conduct
himself/herself in a proper and fitting manner towards Company and its customers and duly
and properly observe, obey, comply with and adhere to, in all respects, all policies of
Company (as may be amended from time to time), applicable local laws, rules and
regulations.

19.

The Employee shall not assign the benefit of this Agreement to any third party and shall not
delegate to a third party the duties required to be performed by him/her under the Agreement.
The Employee shall not act in any manner contrary to the interests of Company.
CONFIDENTIALITY
20. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means, without limitation,
any and all:
(a) Software: All information relating to existing software products, whether owned and/or
licensed and/or developed by the Company, and software programs and products in
various stages of research and such other development which is not generally known to
the public or within the computer industry or trade in which the Company competes (such
as know-how, design specifications, algorithms, technical formulas, engineering data,
benchmark test results, methodologies, procedures, techniques, and information
processing processes) including, but not limited to, models, consumer behavior insights,
mathematical expressions, algorithms and proprietary marketing concepts, and the
physical embodiments of such information (such as drawings, specification sheets,
design notes, source code, object code, load modules, schematics, flow charts, logic
diagrams, procedural diagrams, coding sheets, work sheets, documentation,
annotations, printouts, studies, manuals, proposals and any other written or machinereadable manuals, proposals and any other written or machine readable expressions of
such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(b) Other Products and Services: All information relating to consulting, training and other
proprietary products or services, whether existing or in various stages of research and
development, which are not generally known to the public or within the computer industry
or trade in which the Company competes (such as know-how, specifications, technical
data, engineering data, processes, techniques, methodologies, and strategies), including,
but not limited to, models, consumer behavior insights, mathematical expressions,
algorithms and proprietary marketing concepts, and the physical embodiments of such
information (such as drawings, schematics, specification sheets, instructor manuals,
course materials, training aids, video cassettes, transparencies, slides, taped recordings
of presentations, proposals, printouts, studies, contracts, maintenance manuals,
documentation, and any other written or machine-readable expressions of such
information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(c) Business Procedures: All information concerning or relating to the way the Company
conducts its business which is not generally known to the public (such as internal
business procedures, controls, plans, licensing techniques and practices, supplier,
subcontractor and prime contractor names and contracts and other vendor information,
computer system passwords and other computer security controls, financial information,
distributor information, information supplied by clients and customers of Company and

employee data) and the physical embodiments of such information (such as check lists,
samples, services and operational manuals, contracts, proposals, print-outs,
correspondence, forms, listings, ledgers, financial statements, financial reports, financial
and operational analyses, financial and operational studies, management reports of every
kind, databases, employment records, and any other written or machine-readable
expressions of such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(d) Marketing Plans and Customer Lists: All information pertaining to Company’s marketing
plans and strategies; forecasts and projections; marketing practices, procedures and
policies; financial data; discounts; margins; costs; credit terms; pricing practices,
procedures and policies; goals and objectives; quoting practices, procedures and
policies; and customer data including customer lists, contracts, representatives,
requirements and needs, specifications, data provided by or about prospective existing
or past customers and contract terms applicable to such customers, and the physical
embodiments of such information (such as license agreements, customer lists, print-outs,
databases, marketing plans, marketing reports, strategic business plans, marketing
analyses and management reports, seminar and class attendee rosters, trade show or
exhibit attendee listings, listings of potential customers and leads, and any other written
or machine-readable expressions of such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(e) Not Generally Known: Any information in addition to the foregoing which is not generally
known to the public or within the industry or trade in which the Company competes which
gives the Company any advantage over its competitors, and the physical embodiments
of such information in any tangible form, whether written or machine-readable in nature.
(f) Proprietary information and Inventions: Any information that the Company or any
affiliated company develops, possesses, owns or develops or that the Company or
affiliated company receives under conditions of confidentiality including
i.

information and Inventions, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, disclosed by the
Company or any affiliated company (including their respective employees, agents
and independent contractors) to Employee in the course of her/his employment
hereunder;

ii.

information and Inventions, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, developed,
created or learned by Employee during the course of her/his employment hereunder;

iii.

information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, that has or could have
commercial value in the business in which the Company and any affiliated company
or their respective clients are engaged or in which they contemplate engaging;

iv.

information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, that, if disclosed without
authorization, could be detrimental to the interest of the Company or any affiliated
companies whether or not such information is identified as confidential information
by the Company or any affiliated companies;

v.

all information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, on Inventions, hardware
configuration information, technology, drawings, engineering, know-how, product
information and plans, products, services, research, formats, practices and
techniques, marketing plans, business and financial information and plans,
strategies, forecasts, unpublished financial statements, budgets, projections,
employee lists and information, customer and supplier identities (including, but not
limited to, customers and suppliers of the Company or affiliated company with whom
Employee becomes acquainted in the course of her/his employment hereunder) and
other business information and agreements disclosed to Employee by the Company
or any affiliated companies.

Confidential Information does not include any portions of such information which are now,
or which have become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful
act of Employee or others who are under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items
involved.

21. The Employee recognizes that during her/his employment with the Company he may gain
access to Confidential Information which is of substantial value to the Company and which
gives the Company an advantage over its competitors. The Employee hereby agrees, at all
times during her/his employment hereunder and after the termination of such employment,
to take the following steps to preserve the confidential and proprietary nature of Confidential
Information:
(a)

The Employee shall hold in strictest confidence and shall not use any Confidential
Information or disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity without the
prior written authorization of the Company or as may be required by applicable law or
the order of any competent court or governmental entity. The Employee hereby
acknowledges and understands that he is not allowed to sell, license or otherwise
exploit, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information;

(b)

The Employee shall take reasonable precautions to prevent the inadvertent or
accidental disclosure of Confidential Information;

(c)

The Employee shall not remove any Confidential Information from Company’s premises
or make copies of such materials except as may be necessary to perform her/his duties
and responsibilities hereunder and subject to approval of the Company;

(d)

The Employee shall promptly return to the Company, in proper condition, all
Confidential Information and copies thereof, any records, documents, notes,
memoranda, manuals, drawings, computer programs, diskettes, computer tapes and
software that contains any Confidential Information and other materials and property of
any nature belonging to the Company or any affiliated companies at any time upon the
request of the Company, in any event and without such request, prior to the last day of
Employee’s employment hereunder. The Employee shall not retain, make copies of or
remove any Confidential Information or any copies thereof, any records, documents,
notes, memoranda, manuals, drawings, computer programs, diskettes, computer
tapes, and software that contains any Confidential Information or other materials and
property of any nature belonging to the Company or any affiliated companies on or after
the last day of Employee’s employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever.

22. The Employee hereby gives consent to the Company to monitor and record the exchange of
any communications, information or data through the Company's electronic systems. The
Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is necessary for the
purpose of ensuring compliance with Company policies, as may be amended from time to
time, misuse of Company facilities, breach of confidentiality or any other term of this
Agreement.
23. The Employee shall be advised from time to time in writing of the extent and scope of her/his
authority in dealing with third parties and shall work within the scope of such authority. In the
absence of any specific express written authority, the Employee shall not make any binding
commitment on behalf of the Company.
24. The Employee hereby agrees that, for so long as the Employee is employed by the Company,
he shall not improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any
third party including a former employer or other person and shall not bring onto the
Company’s premises any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to such
employer or person unless consented to in writing by such employer or person. The
Employee shall hold the Company and its affiliated companies indemnified against any claims
that arise as a result of unauthorized use of propriety information of a third party.
25. The confidentiality obligations under this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiry of
this Agreement.
INVENTIONS & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

26. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Inventions” means, without limitation, any and all
original works of authorship, ideas, concepts, designs, discoveries, inventions, intellectual
property rights, databases, mask works, trade secrets, computer software programs and
applications, developments, improvements, processes, systems, source codes, formulas,
specifications, compositions of matter, experimental and developmental techniques, data,
know-how and/or technical information made, learned, conceived, devised, invented,
created, or developed by Employee (either solely or under Employee’s direction or jointly with
others) during the term of Employee’s employment hereunder, whether or not during the
normal working hours or on the premises of the Company and whether or not patentable,
copyrightable or protectable as trade secrets.
27. The Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Company all rights,
including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual
property rights associated with any ideas, concepts, techniques, Inventions, processes,
works of authorship, Confidential Information or trade secrets:
(i)

conceived, developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, during
the Term;

(ii)

that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during
the Term that relate to the Company or its affiliated companies, or the predecessors
of any such entities, or the actual or anticipated research or development of