DocuSign Envelope ID: ED18A5F0-AB37-4E86-9615-A250DFFDA8A8

MANAGEMENT BOARD RESOLUTION
THE UNDERSIGNED
(1) Mark Nosworthy
(2) Aatif Rana
(together the Managing Directors and each a Managing Director),
acting as the management board (the Management Board) of OLX Middle East Holdings
B.V., a private limited liability company under Dutch law (besloten vennootschap met
beperkte aansprakelijkheid), having its official seat in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands, its office
address at Gustav Mahlerplein 5, Symphony Offices, 1082 MS Amsterdam, the
Netherlands, and registered in the Dutch Commercial Register under number 34283050 (the
Company),
hereby declare and resolve as follows:
1.

Introductory declarations

1.1

The Managing Directors jointly constitute the entire Management Board.

1.2

The Managing Directors acknowledge that it is their duty to act in the interests of the
Company and the business connected with it.

1.3

Each Managing Director has declared neither to have a conflict of interests with respect
to the resolutions below nor an interest that may have the appearance of a conflict of
interests. Also otherwise, the Management Board has no indications for the existence
of a conflict of interests with respect to the resolutions below. For the purpose hereof,
conflict of interests means a situation in which a Managing Director has a direct or
indirect personal interest that conflicts with the interests of the Company and the
business connected with it.

2.

Description of Transaction
It is proposed that the Company will proceed with the de-nomination of Mr. Farhan
Khan, the Company’s nominee on the board of directors of OLX Classifieds Pakistan
(SMC-Private) Limited (the Subsidiary Company), with effect from the conclusion of
this meeting. It is proposed that the Company will proceed with the nomination of Mr.
Umair Munir, the Company’s nominee on the board of directors of the Subsidiary
Company, in place of Mr. Farhan Khan, de-nominated director, with effect from the
conclusion of this meeting (the Transaction).

3.

Resolutions

3.1

It is in the best interests of the Company to enter into the Transaction, to perform and
observe its obligations under the matters and transactions contemplated thereby.

DocuSign Envelope ID: ED18A5F0-AB37-4E86-9615-A250DFFDA8A8

3.2

Any Director, officer or (if applicable) any attorney or duly authorised signatory of the
Company (any such person being an Attorney or Authorised Signatory respectively) in
their absolute discretion and opinion deem appropriate be and is hereby authorised to
negotiate and approve the terms of any documents related to the Transaction and any
documents that need to be agreed as at the date of these resolutions, or thereafter,
amendments to constitutional documents, deeds, resolutions, letters or documents of
any nature in connection with or related to the Transaction (the Related Documents).

3.3

Any Director, officer or (if applicable) any Attorney or Authorised Signatory is hereby
authorized, directed and empowered to take all such action, execute all such
documents, take such steps and perform such acts as may be necessary, appropriate
or, in his judgment, incident or convenient to the implementation and execution of the
purposes of any of the foregoing resolutions, and any such action taken, or documents
executed shall be conclusive evidence of his authority in so doing.

3.4

The omission from these resolutions of any document or other arrangement
contemplated by any of the documents or instruments described in the foregoing
resolutions or any action taken in accordance with any requirement of any of the
documents or instruments described in the foregoing resolutions shall in no manner
derogate from the authority of any Director, officer or (if applicable) any Attorney or
Authorised Signatory to take all actions necessary, desirable, advisable or appropriate
to consummate, effectuate, carry out or further the transactions contemplated by, and
intent and purposes of, the foregoing resolutions.

3.5

Any Director, officer or (if applicable) any Attorney or Authorised Signatory is
authorised to delegate all or any of the authorities hereby granted.

3.6

All acts heretofore taken by any Director, officer or (if applicable) any Attorney or
Authorised Signatory in furtherance of the foregoing resolutions, before or after the
date hereof, be, and the same hereby are, ratified, approved and confirmed in all
respects.

This Management Board Resolution shall be passed, if duly signed by all Managing Directors.
It shall not be required for all signatories to sign the same copy of this Management Board
Resolution. If this Management Board Resolution is signed in counterparts, such counterparts
shall jointly constitute one Management Board Resolution.

Signed on

_________________
Aatif Rana

30 December 2020.

_________________
Mark Nosworthy