IN THE COURT OF MR. MALIK MUHAMMAD IMRAN, CIVIL JUDGE, ISLAMABAD (WEST ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In Re: 
 
 
 Zameen Media 
 
 v ersus 
 
 Highland resorts and another 
 
 (APPLICATION UNDER SECTION 34 THE ARBITRATION ACT, 1940) 
 
 REPLY TO APPLICATION UNDER SECTION 34 OF THE A RBITRATION ACT, 1940 
 
 The Responde nt/Plaintiff Most Respectfully Submits as U nder: 
 
 This reply is be ing submitted by the Respondent /Plaintiff t hrough Mr. Syed Hasan Ali Shah who is fully conversant with the facts of the case and has been duly authorized in this behalf . 
 
 Preliminary Submissions/ Objection s : 
 
 That the Respondent filed the titled suit for declaration and recovery of damages to the tune of Rs. 500,000,000 /- (Rupees five hundred million only) on account of the acts and omission of the Applicant/Defendant due to which the reputation of the Respondent was tarnished . 
 
 That the Applicant s , being Defendant s in the titled suit, filed an application under Section 34 of the Arbitration Act 1940. As will be evident from the averments raised in this reply, the said application is not maintainable . 
 
 That the instant application is not maintainable as the Applicant has already stepped into the proceedings of the court. The Applicant first appear ed before the court on 23-09-2025 and filed the instant application on 23-10-2025 i.e., after a lapse of 30 days . Hence the instant application is not maintainable as per section 34 of the Arbitration Act, 1940. 
 
 That the present application under Section 34 of the Arbitration Act, 1940, is misconceived, devoid of any merit, and ha s been filed with the sole intent to obstruct the due course of justice and delay the adjudication of plaintiff’s legitimate suit based on tortious acts of the Applicant/Defendant . 
 
 That the suit filed by the Respondent is not a claim for breach of the Project Promotion Agreement dated 12.07.2019 ( hereinafter, the “ Agreement ” ). The cause of action arises in favor of the Respondent/Plaintiff from the independent, tortious acts and omissions of the A pplicants i.e., fraudulently making false representations which mislead third-party b uyers . This in-turn tarnished the Plaintiff's business reputation and goodwill. Such a claim ‘ in tort ’ is not governed by the arbitration clause of the Agreement . Th us, the application under reply is liable to dismissed forthwith on this score alone. 
 
 That the A rbitration C lause (Clause 19) of the Agreement is limited to disputes “ arising in connection with this Agreement . ” The Respondent’s claim for damages due to loss of reputation is a standalone action in tort, which does not require interpretation of the Agreement's terms nor seek any relief for its breach. The core issue is the A pplicants’ external conduct towards third parties and its adverse effect on the independent business standing of the Respondent/Plaintiff . 
 
 F ollowing from the above, it may kindly be noted that claims emanating from ‘breach of contract’ are to be distinguished from the claims grounded in tortious acts and omissions. The latter are beyond the ambit of the contracts and , it goes without saying, the arbitration clause contained in it. 
 
 That the plaint specifically seeks a declaration that the Respondent is an independent service provider and claims general damages of Rs. 500,000,000/- solely on account of loss of reputation and goodwill . It is Respondent’s/Plaintiff’s case that t his reputational harm occurred because the Applicant /Defendant failed to complete the Project , which forms subject matter of the suit , and fraudulently misguided and misdirected the third - party b uyers to believe that the Respondent /Plaintiff is responsible for the works to be completed under the Project and its management. This is a classic case of fraudulent acts on the part of the Applicant/Defendant and cannot be decided by an arbitration tribunal . 
 
 That the Respondent 's claim does not seek compensation for any unpaid marketing fees, nor does it allege a breach of any specific term of the Agreement (such as Clause 9.10 on the construction schedule). The breach of contract by the Applicants is merely the background event; the actionable wrong is the subsequent, independent tort of damaging the Respondent’s reputation through fraudulent acts of misrepresentation to third parties. 
 
 That Clause 19.1 of the Agreement refers to disputes “ arising in connection with this Agreement. ” This phrase must be construed narrowly. Established jurisprudence holds that arbitration clauses confined to disputes “ under ” or “ in connection with ” an agreement does not automatically extend to independent tort claims unless the tort ious claim is inextricably linked to the interpretation or performance of the contract itself. In the present case, adjudicating the tort claim does not require any inquiry into the rights, obligations, or interpretation of the Agreement's terms. The question before this Honourable Court is whether the Defendants' fraudulent actions in misleading the third-party b uyers unlawfully damaged the Respondent ’ s reputation . This is a matter totally independent of the contractual matrix. 
 
 That similarly, the Agreement, particularly its Clause 14.1, underscores the separation of liabilities. It states that “ Zameen shall not be liable for Customer's failure or inability to deliver the Project... ” . The Agreement provides specific remedies for contractual breaches but is completely silent on any mechanism or remedy for tortious injury to reputation caused by the Applicant’ s / Defendant’s independent false statements to third parties. Following the principle that a dispute regarding such an extraneous tort, for which no arbitral procedure is stipulated, cannot be deemed to be a matter “ arising in connection with ” the Agreement for the purpose of the arbitration clause . 
 
 The Applicants are well aware that the suit is based on tortious injury to reputation, and not a contractual breach. The Applicant’s/Defendant’s attempt to cloak it as a contractual dispute to invoke arbitration is a tactical maneuver to derail the suit and avoid facing the substantive allegations in a court of law, as typified in cases where parties seek to misuse arbitration clauses. 
 
 That crucially, the Applicants ' application is defective on its face and does not comply with the mandatory prerequisites of Section 34 of the Arbitration Act, 1940. The provision explicitly requires the applicant to demonstrate that he “ was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper conduct of the arbitration . ” A mere bald statement in the application (as in para 8) is insufficient. The application is conspicuously silent on any concrete steps evidencing such readiness and willingness. There is no averment that the Defendants have attempted to initiate the amicable resolution process (action well reflected from the dismissive approach to legal notice) under Clause 19.1, nor ha s the Applicant expressed any intent to appoint an arbitrator. The prayer in the Application under reply is singularly for grant of an injunction order , with no unequivocal commitment to proceed with arbitration. An applicant who is not genuinely “ ready and willing ” is not entitled to such discretionary relief. 
 
 That , till date, the Applicants have not demonstrated any “ readiness and willingness ” to arbitrate the specific tort claim for defamation and reputational damage, as this claim falls outside the agreed arbitral scope. 
 
 That the Applicant has correctly invoked the jurisdiction of this Court under Section 20 of the C ode of Civil P rocedure, 1908 , seeking declaratory and injunctive relief along with damages for tort. The jurisdictional clause (Clause 22.1) of the Agreement provides for the “ exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Islamabad, ” which supports the maintainability of the present suit in this forum for non-contractual matters. Thus, the Application under reply is liable to dismissed with exemplary costs. 
 
 PARA-WISE REPLY: 
 
 Para No. 1 pertains to the record. 
 
 Para No. 2 is vehemently denied. The objection regarding the maintainability of the suit is misplaced . T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 Para No. 3 is denied being misleading . T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here 
 
 Para No. 4 is vehemently denied. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here 
 
 Para No. 5 is incorrect and vehemently denied. The Respondent, via a legal notice dated 23.12.2024, called upon the Applicant to address the issue, but it was met with complete indifference. Moreover , Clause 19 is not applicable to the instant case. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here 
 
 Para No. 6 is vehemently denied being baseless. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here 
 
 Para No. 7 is incorrect and vehemently denied . T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here 
 
 Para No. 8 is incorrect and vehemently denied. A mere assertion that the Applicant is ready for the proper conduct of arbitration is not sufficient under Section 34 of the Arbitration Act, 1940. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 Para No. 9, being incorrect and baseless, is vehemently denied. The Respondent’s contention that the instant suit is an action in tort is sufficient to show that the matter ought not to be referred to arbitration. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 Para No. 10 is vehemently denied. The interests of justice instead demand the dismissal of the instant application. T he P reliminary Submissions/O bjections ( above ) are reiterated here . 
 
 PRAYER 
 
 Wherefore , it is most respectfully prayed that this Learned Court may graciously be pleased to dismiss the Application under reply with costs . 
 Any other relief which this learned Court may deem fit in favour of the Applicant may also graciously be awarded. 
 
 __________________ 
 Respondent/Plaintiff 
 
 Through 
 
 
 __________________ ________________ ___ ___ 
 Ahmed Bashir Aziz Ur Rehman Farooqi 
 Advocate High Court Advocate High Court 
 
 Ahmed Bashir &amp; Associates 
 Advocates and Solicitors 
 09 Sughra Tower Street 73 
 F-11/1, Islamabad 
 +9251 1112202 
 bashir@ahmedbashirlaw.com , www.ahmedbashirlaw.com