DAFTARKHWAN HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
 Company Profile 
 
 Company name: Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited 
 
 Date of incorporation: 18 January 20 22 
 
 Registered office: Office 2428 ResCo-work03, 24 th Floor, Al Sila Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
 
 Type of business: Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited is a holding company , incorporated under the laws of Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM), U nited A rad E mirates , for the purpose of holding the shares of Daftarkhwan (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the la ws of Pakistan . 
 
 Directors: Ahmad Habib 
 
 Ahmad is a Director of Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited . He is also the co-founder of Daftarkhwan (Private) Limited, a Pakistan based company that provides state-of-the-art shared workspaces that can be used as offices, for meetings and to hold corporate events . With his international business experience, Ahmad has served as a financial advisor and consultant to a number of Pakistani start-ups and investors to help budding entrepreneurs grow.   
 
 Saad Idrees 
 
 Saad is a Director of Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited. He is also the co-founder of Daftarkhwan (Private) Limited , a Pakistan based company that provides state-of-the-art shared workspaces that can be used as offices, for meetings and to hold corporate events. 
 
 Shoaib Zahid Malik 
 
 Shoaib was appointed as a Director of Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited on 19 April 2022. After graduating from the Government College University, Shoaib obtained a degree in electrical engineering from the National University of Sciences and Technology. 
 
 Imran Ali Khan 
 
 Imran was appointed as a Director of Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited on 19 April 2022. Imran graduated from the University of Oxford in 2022 with a BEng and MEng, Engineering and Computer Science. 
 
 Zeeshan Ali Khan 
 
 Zeeshan was appointed as a Director of Daftarkhwan Holdings Limited on 19 April 2022. Zeeshan graduated from Imperial College London in 2002 with a BEng and MEng, Chemical Engineering.