NON JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER

esiamPine

A PROJECT OF BOARD OF REVENUE
SPUN AEINFORAMTIONTECIQIOUOGVOQAPo

100

IUIHIIIflhIIIIIIIlIlI1 FiF'
ID:

PB-LHR-7E872590665F6644

Type

Low Denomination

Amount

Rs 100/Scan for online verification

Description

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- Sid

Applicant

Zameen Media Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akba [3520 2-9099820-4]
Jehanzeb Amjad

W/O:
Agent:

Waseem Raja [00000-0000000-0]

Address

Lahore

Issue Date

10-Apr-2023 10:25:23 AM

Delisted On/Validity:

17-Apr-2023

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason

Lease Agreement with Sardar Khawind Bukhsh 36302-1057 97-9 & Bashir
Utah 36302-0576116-7

Vendor Information

Ahmad Au

SH N

I PB-LHR-1709 Garden Town

.

JL

Jkt J,ii

40-B han Arcade Bar at Market New Garden Town Lahore

. l jU %.$lJ

LEASE AGREEMENT
This Lease Agreement (the "Agreement") is made at Lahore on this 101h day of April, 2023 by
and between:
1. Mr. Sardar Khawind Bukhsh sb

Sardar Bashir Ullah Khan, holding CNIC

No. 36302-1057797-9, currently residing at Bosan Road, near bilawal house,
opposite Yummy Ice Cream Godhaam Bahadur Pur, Dak Khana Gulgasht
Colony, Tehsil Multan Sadar, District Multan, permanent resident of Kalper
House, Town Sui, Post Office Sui, Tehsil Sui, District Dera Bughti ("Lessor 1");
and
2.

Mr. Bashir Ullah sb Taj Muhammad, holding CNIC No. 36302-0576116-7,
resident of House No. 339, Street No. 3, Muhallah Jinnah Town, Multan
("Lessor 2")

(Lessor 1 and Lessor 2 shall hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Lessors"
which term shall, wherever the context so permits or requires, means and includes
hs successors-in-interest, legal heirs and assigns)
AND
Zameen Media (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg
Ill, Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Ms. Mariam Saleem Akbar
(hereinafter referred to as the "Lessee" which expression shall mean and include
its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns).
(The Lessors and Lessee shall, where the context so admits, hereinafter
collectively be referred to as the "Parties" and idividualIy as the "Party")
-

11

Ci

Lessors' initials

Page lof 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

WHEREAS:
(A)

The Lessors are the absolute and lawful owner in possession of the commercial
building namely "Bughti Plaza" located at Bosan Road, near crystal mall, 6 # Chungi,
Multan (the "Building").

(B)

The Lessee, on reliance of the aforementioned representation made by the Lessors,
has agreed to take on lease and the Lessors have agreed to let 3rd floor of the Building
with total area measuring six thousand seven hundred (6700) sq.ft. along with
amenities and utilities attached thereto (the "Demised Premises"), on rental basis,
upon terms and conditions stated hereunder.

Now THEREFORE. it is hereby agreed between the Parties as under.
1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Demised Premises consisting of an area measuring a total of 6,700 sq. ft will be let
on rental basis by the Lessors to be used by the Lessee for purpose of conducting its
business.

1 .2

During the Term of this Agreement, the Lessors shall also provide maintenance services
to the Lessee. The maintenance services shall include inter al/a water leakage. drainage.
infrastructure issues, electric metres and warranty of equipment installed by the Lessors
(the "Maintenance Services"). The Lessee will be responsible for the regular
maintenance of the lift but in the event if replacement of any parts of lift is required then
the cost for such parts shall be borne by the Lessors.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of three (3) years, commencing on l April.
2023 (the "Effective Date") ending on 31st March, 2026 or on such other date as may be
agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

MONTHLY & ADVANCE RENT

3.1

The Lessee shall pay to the Lessors a monthly rent of Rs. 536,000 (Rupees Five Hundred
Thirty-Six Thousand) inclusive of all taxes (the "Monthly Rent") for the Demised Premises.
The Monthly Rent shall be divided equally between Lessor 1 and Lessor 2 and shall be
paid by the Lessee through a bank instrument or cheque in favour of Lessor 1 and Lessor
2.

3.2

At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessors Monthly
Rent for three (3) months as advance amounting to a total of Rs. 1,608.000 (Rupees One
Million Six-Hundred Eight Thousand) inclusive of all taxes (the "Advance Rent"), i.e. for
the period commencing IstApril. 2023 and ending on 30 June, 2023 (the "Advance Rent
Period"). The Advance Rent is hereby paid by the Lessee vide crossed cheque Nos.
and
and
. dated
in favour of the
drawn on
Lessor 1 and Lessor 2 respectively. The receipts of the Advance Rent are hereby
acknowledged by the Lessors and attached herewith in Annexure A.

3.3

After the lapse of the Advance Rent Period, the Monthly Rent shall be paid by the Lessee
to the Lessors in advance on a quarterly basis on or befO're 10tl day of the first month of
each quarter, the receipt whereof shall be acknowled in,tig by the Lessors.
a,,.

Lessors' initials

Page 2 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

/ Lessee's initials

3.4

If for any period the Demised Premises may be rendered uninhabitable, due to the fault of
or breach of any obligation of the Lessors under the Agreement, the Lessee shall not be
under an obligation to pay the Monthly Rent, utility charges or any other charges for such
uninhabitable period. Furthermore, the Term of this Agreement shall automatically be
extended for a period equal to the uninhabitable period.

3.5

The Monthly Rent shall be subject to eight percent (8%) increment after every year. For
the avoidance of doubt, the first annual increment under this clause shall be applicable
from 1St July 2024.

4.

SECURITY DEPOSIT

4.1

Upon the signing of this Agreement, the Lessee has deposited with the Lessors a sum of
Rs. 1,608,000 (Rupees One Million Six-Hundred Eight Thousand) as security (the
"Security Deposit") which shall be refunded to the Lessee upon expiry or termination of
this Agreement in the manner set out in Clause 10.4. The Lessors hereby duly
acknowledged the receipt of the Security Deposit from the Lessee.

4.2

The Security Deposit shall not be adjusted against the Monthly Rent. Any deduction from
Security Deposit shall be strictly limited and exclusively in relation to outstanding utility
bills, service and maintenance charges and damage to the Demised Premises (other than
regular wear and tear) during the Term.

4.3

Prior to making any deductions under Clause 4.2 from the Security Deposit, the Lessors
shall notify the Lessee in writing of such deductions. The said notice shall specify the
amount to be deducted and the reasons for any such deductions.

4.4

Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over peaceful and
vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessors upon a refund of the Security
Deposit after deductions and adjustments made in accordance with Clause 4.2 and
Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any).

5.

TAx

5.1

The Lessee shall be entitled, empowered and authorized to deduct/withhold all taxes from
the Monthly Rent as required by applicable laws and the taxes so deducted/withheld shall
be deposited by the Lessee with the Government Treasury and the copies of such paid
up challans shall be provided to the Lessors.

5.2

The Lessors shall pay property and other applicable taxes, charges or fees related to
Demised Premises as and when due.

6.

LESSORS OBLIGATIONS

6.1

The Lessors have handed over the vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the
Lessee which shall be occupied by the Lessee during the Term as per the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

6.2

The Lessors shall provide one (1) three phase electricity meter for the use of the Lessee
during the Term. The Lessors shall ensure the uninterrupted power supply during the
Term.

/
Lessors' initials
Page 3 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

6.3

The building lift is common although will be dedicated for the exclusive use of the Lessee
and Lessors shall also ensure that the lift remain operational 24/7 during the Term of this
Agreement.

6.4

In the event that usage of lift is required by the tenant of 1st floor then the Lessors shall
provide the separate electricity meter for lift and bill for such meter and charges of
maintenance shall be divided equally between the tenants of three floors.

6.5

The Lessors shall provide adequate space for placement of one (1) generator on FOC
basis.

6.6

The Lessors shall provide half of the basement 2 as dedicated parking space for use of
the Lessee during the Term and shall also provide one car space at front near lifts for
CEOs or VIP guests. Forthe avoidance of doubt, the Lessee shall not be liable to pay any
charges for parking under this Agreement.

6.7

The Lessee shall be entitled to affix any type and size of signage /branding inside and
Outside (on front of the rented floor including Mummty), including but not limited to
common areas of Demised Premises and one signage of company in front of the Building.

6.8

The Lessors shall ensure that no hoardings, flex, banners, flags of any other company is
permitted on the front (31d Floor including Mummty) elevation of the Building.

6.9

In the event any other area of the Biilding (except the area mentioned in clause 6.8) is
required by the Lessee for hoarding or banner then Parties shall mutually decide the rent
for such branding.

6.10

The Lessors shall not be entitled to lease any floor of the Building to any competitor of the
Lessee. In the event that the Lessors need to lease any floor of the Building then the
Lessors shall give first right of refusal to the Lessee and shall also give fifteen (15) days'
time to decide the same.

6.11

In the event that the Lessors require any change in the Demised Premise then the Lessors
shall discuss such requirement with the Lessee. The Lessors shall not be entitled to do
any change without the approval of the Lessee.

6.12 The Lessors shall ensure that the Lessee enjoys quiet and peaceful possession of the
Demised Premises during the Term particularly during office hours (9:00 a.m. to 8:00
p.m.), without any disturbance or hindrance, and without interruption for any reason
whatsoever during office hours, includng inter a/ia any construction, repair or maintenance
work.
6.13 The Lessors shall ensure that the structural repair and maintenance of the Demised
Premises is regularly conducted by the Lessors as and when required. In case the Lessors
fails to do so, the Lessee may carry out all such repair and maintenance work at the cost
of the Lessors and shall deduct such expense/cost from the Monthly Rent.
6.14 In the event that structural repair or maintenance work is required to be carried out by the
Lessors at the Demised Premises, the Lessors shall notify the Lessee three (3) days in
advance of any such repair and maintenance. However, the Lessors shall conduct all
repairs and maintenance work during business hours (9:00 am. to 8:00 p.m.) without
causing any nuisance, excessive noise or disturbance to the Lessee, its employees and
business.

,1
Lessors' initials

Page 4 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials

6.15 The Lessors or Lessors' representative(s) shall only be able to access the Demised
Premises during business hours and with the prior permission of the Lessee and in the
presence or supervision of the Lessee or its representative(s).
7.

LESSEE'S OBLIGATIONS

7.1

The Lessee shall use the Demised Premises for the commercial and business purposes
only.

7.2

The Lessee shall be responsible to pay all charges for water, sewerage, electricity,
telephone and telecommunication, cable television, back-up generator etc. (Utility
Charges") as per use and billing during the Term. The meter reading for the utilities on
the Possession Date are noted below:
Electricity:

Meter No.:
Units consumed:
Date:
Meter No.:
Units consumed:
Date:
7.3

The Lessee shall have the absolute right to sublet the Demised Premises to any of its
group companies and undertakings.

7.4

Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over the vacant
possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessors in the condition as handed over by the
Lessors to the Lessee however, the Lessee shall have the right but not the obligation to
reverse any temporary alterations made by the Lessee and for remove any fixtures and
fittings installed by the Lessee during the Term.

7.5

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lessee shall have all the rights available to a
lessee under the laws of the jurisdiction, including but not limited to right of access,
approach, movement into and from the Demised Premises (including any common or
shared areas) and right to conduct its business without hindrance.

8.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE LESSORS

8.1

The Lessors hereby represent and warrant that:
i. At the time of execution of this Agreement, the Demised Premises is free from any
defect of title, lien, charge, or any encumbrance of whatsoever nature, and that the
Demised Premises shall remain unencumbered throughout the Term, and any
subsequent renewal of the same;
ii. The Demised Premises shall be free from all sorts of defects and the Lessee shall
have access to all basic facilities and utilities throughout the Term;
iii. The Lessors are the absolute and lawful owners of the Demised Premises and the
Lessors shall provide a copy of the necessary ownership documents to the Lessee
at the time of signing of this Agreement;
iv. The Lessors have the full legal right and capacity to lease the Demised Premises.
The Lessors shall resolve and hold the Lessee harmless against any and all thirdparty claims-rearding the owners, pos essiorre lease of the Demised Premises.
Lessee's initials

Lessors' initials

Page 5 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

I

v. The Lessors are in complete compliance with and have obtained and maintained all
building permits/licenses, NOCs, including approved map, commercialization
certificate, building completion certificate, temporary permits/licenses in relation to
the Building and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of
federal, state or local of the jurisdiction such that any failure of compliance will not
have an adverse effect on the Lessors' ability to enter, execute, deliver or
consummate this Agreement; and
vi. The Lessors, during the Term, shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations of the jurisdiction.
8.2

No representation or warranty by the Lessors made under this Agreement, nor any
statement or certificates, permits and documents furnished or to be furnished by the
Lessors pursuant to this Agreement, contain or shall contain any false, incomplete,
untruthful or inaccurate statement of material facts.

9.

REPRESENTATIONS & WARRANTIES BY THE LESSEE

9.1

The Lessee undertakes and covenants that:
i. The Lessee shall keep the Demised Premises in clean and good tenable condition
during the Term; and
ii. The Lessee will use and occupy the Demised Premises for its lawful business
purpose only.

10.

TERMINATION

10.1 The Lessee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement prior to its expiry by providing
written notice to the Lessor at least three (3) month's in advance if the business of the
" Multan region is in a state of loss or closure.
-10.2 In the event that the Lessors are in material breach of the terms and conditions of the
Agreement, then the Lessee shall give at least fifteen (15) days written notice to the
Lessors, to cure of such material breach within aforementioned fifteen (15) days. If the
breach continues beyond this notice period or is irreversible, the Lessee may terminate
this Agreement without further notice.
10.3 This Agreement may also be terminated without notice by the Lessee in case the Lessors
fail to hand over possession of the Demised Premises within five (5) days of the
Possession Date.
10.4 Upon termination of this Agreement under Clauses 10.1 and 10.2, the Lessee shall hand
over peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessors upon a
refund of the Monthly Rent for unutilised lease period (if any) and the Security Deposit
after deductions and adjustments made in accordance with this Agreement.
11.

FORCE MAJEURE

11.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government lockdown,
or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which renders the
performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part, for a period of
time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

12.

JURISDICTION & ARBITRATION

Lessee's initial

Lessors' initials
Page 6 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETA

I

12.1

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan.

12.2 Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if not
amicably resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising, shall be
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice by either
Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language for
arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the case may
be, shall be final and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.
13.

INDEMNITY

13.1

The Lessors hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Lessee against all
third party claims, losses, damages, adverse claims, proceedings. charges, penalties.
fines, etc. resulting from or arising out of any breach of the Lessors' obligations under this
Agreement, including but not limited to any of his representations, warranty or covenant
stated herein not being true, correct, complete or complied with and/or arising out of or in
relation to any action, error, omission or negligence of the Lessors.

14.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

14.1 This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No amendment
or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless set forth in writing
and executed by both the Parties.
15.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

15.1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall be
deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party as the
agent of the other for any purpose.

16.

NOTICES

16.1

All notices, requests, communications required under the Agreement shall be delivered
via email or registered post. Emails shall be deemed to have been delivered after twentyfour (24) hours of being sent. Written notices shall be deemed to have been delivered after
three (03) working days of being posted, provided such notices were sent via a reputable
courier company. The contact details of the Lessors and Lessee's representatives for the
purpose of notices shall be as follows:
Lessors

Attention of: Sardar Khawind Bukhsh
Bosan Road, near bilawal house, opposite Yummy
Address:
Ice Cream Godhaam, Bahadur Pur, Oak Khana
Gulgasht Colony, Tehsil Multan Sadar, District
Multan

Lessee

Attention of: Legal Department
Third Floor, Pearl One,
Address:
94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Lahore

17.

WAIVER

17.1

No failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise or waiver of any right or remedy preclude

Lessors' initials
Page 7 of 9
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Lessee's initials (

its 