100
Rupees

OO

RENTAGRE
. behveen Mr.Tahir Lziz S/o
This lease Agreement is made at Islamabad on lSt"dav of Aueu
Rawalnindi / Islamabad.
Torvn.
tsahria
Phnse-[I.
Abdul Aziz Butt R/o House No.l97-A. Strcet No.5.
pArt:
the
olle
")of
in
attcr
called
"Owner
No.(rll01-2316642-7(Here
CNIC
AND
M/s. Zamecn Media (Pvt)Limited through authorizetl reilrcsentativc Mr. Zeeslran Ali Khan CBO
having CNIC No. 35201-6487663'3 (hereinafter called the Tenant)
Wheleas tlre owner is absolute orvner of Shpn No.l.2.3.4.5 (l't Floor). Plaza No.7l. Civic Ccntre
Bahria Tou'n. Phase-IV. Rawalnintli / Islamau:td .
Wheleas the owuer has agreed to rent out the Shop No.1.2.3.4.5 (1't Floor'l of tlte above said Shops ancl
the l'enant lras also agrecd to take the said premises orr rental basis.
l'lrat tlre period of this lease has been llxed for Fivc year witlt effect from 0t-09-2015 to 30-08-2020

That the monthly rent of the said Shopslras been fixed at Rs.2.30.000/-fltunecsTrvo Lac Thirtv
Thousanrl onlv)per month. Rent rvill be increased (l0o/o after one year.
Tlr"t tl* T"r"rrt will pay the sum Rs.20. 20.000/-([ffiee! Tu'enW Lrits Trvenft Thousarrdoulv) to the
Orvner, as llMonth reut in advance aftbr deduction of WHT.

Thatownerlrasalsor.eceivedastttnofRs.)orrly

asone time Tax free Security Deposit. which rvill be lefundable at tne time of vacation, after clearance of
all the dues and utility bills etc.

TlreorvnerhasreceivedthestttrtRs.only)
as total Money.

That the 5 bathrooms & I Kitchen (Single slab with drawers) will be completed by the orvner before l't of
September 2015, otherwise company will self doing job & will deduct the payment frotrr the owller.
That after expiry of Five Year a fi'esh agreernent shall be nrade between the parties by nlutual
understanding ou uew ternts and condition. In case of breaclr. the Tenant shall vacate the said pretttises
and possession slrould be handed overtotLe Ownc, accordirrgll, irt sattre condition.

THE OWNER HEIIEBY COVENANTS WITI{ THII
'tliat this Lease Agleernent sha,

l.

^ in itially be valrd lor a

AS ii'OLI,OWS:

"'IINANT

peliod of FiveYear rr'.e.f 0 I -09-201 5

Renervable if and as rr:utually agreed upon botlt the parties.

Ilrat the Tenant slrall enjoy quiet and peaceltl ;ossession of llre prernises leased rvithout

disturbauces by the Olvner or any assignee.
2. 'fhat the Owner shall pay all taxes and other charges eirsting or to be assessed agairrst llte leasetl
pretuises, except Water Srrpply, 1-eleplrone. Electricity crc Maintenattcc cltargcs. r.vliich slrall be
paid by Tet,ant.
3. That if the Owner u,ants to get vacated the said plenrises, then the Orvuer rvill ser.re Ttvo Month
Notice to the Tenant. even cluring tlte tenure o1'this agreetttcnt.
4. I"hat if the Tenant rvants to install / transfel the telephone conncction in tlrc said pleru ises at his
ou,u cost. expcnses and responsibility, the^ the Owrrcr will lrave no objection and the
tlre Tenant.
bill rvill be paid

TENANT:
NIC No, 61i01-

16642-7

P,*,..

NI C N o. 3520L-6487 663 -3

I-ATIORE

'&"

{oo

oo

Rupees

PAGE.2

THE TENANT HEREBY COVENANTS WITH THE OWNER AS FOLLWOS ,

l. Thatrentofthepremiseswillbepaidonquafterly

before l0'r'of everyquarterly, incaseof noltPayment of the rent on quarterly basis in advance the Tenant shall be considered defaulter and
Iiable for adjustment.
That during the period of lease the consunrption charges of Electricity, Gas Water Supply and
telephone shall be paid by the Tenant. The Tenant will be responsible to slrow the receipts of paid
bills of electricity, water and telephone to the Tenant after every One month. Meter reading are as
follows
a.
Electric Meter reading
3. That not to dernolish of danrage the premises or remove any installation during the said period of
lease, nor shall the Tenant without the prior consent of the Owner, make any structutal alteration
or additions to the prelnises.
4. That to pennit the Owner orhis agent to inspect the prernises at any reasonable tirne of the day on

2.

'
prior notice. '
5. That to keep and nraintain the prenrises in good order and condition, to look after the prernises
with responsible care and caution and be responsible for any damages caused by the Tenant or his

servants, except that due to wear and tear.
6. That to carry out all minor repairs to the prenrises, its fixtures, fittings, and electrical installations. : '
i
7 . That not to assign or sublet the premises witllout the written consent of the Owner.
"li'l
8. That if the Tenant or Ownerwishes to vacatg the said premises, then the both parties will serve u
Twomonth notice to the each other'
'
I qrws of
nf pqrricfqn
Pakistan.
9. That not be conduct activity in violationr nf
of Laws
.

,

l0.Tlratincasetlreownerwantstodisposeoff/sellthesaidprenrises,tlreTenantwillhaveno
objection to this deal with any party as selected t-ry the Owner and that the Tenant will have no
objection to execute fresh lease agreement with new owner on the sarne ternrs and condition for
the remaining period of the Iease.
I l. That in case any of the above mentioned clauses are violated by the Tenant, the Owner shall have
the full rights to put an end to this agreement and ask the Tenant to vacate tlre premises and in this
case the Tenant will be responsible to hand over its peaceful possession to the Owner witlrin
Tlvomonth.
12. Rent purpose: Above prernises will be used for Commercial Office purpos..
In witnesses whereot both the parties have set their respective hands to this deed on the day,
month and year
above. in the pres;nce of the witnesse ;

a.L

OWNER:

Mr.
NIC

ll/itnessas:

I.

Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan CEO
N IC N o. 3 52OL- 6487 663 -3

,

LAHORE

*