Arslan Aslam <m.arslanaslam@zameen.com>

SECP [Availability of Company Name – ZAMEEN REIT MANAGEMENT COMPANY
LIMITED]
registration.eservices@secp.gov.pk <registration.eservices@secp.gov.pk>

Mon, Feb 20, 2023 at 10:53
AM

To: m.arslanaslam@zameen.com
**THIS IS AN AUTOMATED MESSAGE FROM SERVER - PLEASE DO NOT REPLY DIRECTLY TO THIS EMAIL**
Dear Sir /Madam,
This is with reference to your e-name reservation request dated 10/02/2023 on the above subject.
The above proposed name appears to be available for registration under the Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017). The
proposed name would be reserved for you for a period of 60 days only. The company would be registered with the above
name if the documents for registration are presented within this period. After the lapse of time this office does not take any
responsibility if the name does not remain available for registration.
Thank you
This is system generated e-mail. Your application has been processed by the registrar concerned.
** In case of any additional information requested,login to eServices at the following link:
https://eservices.secp.gov.pk/eServices **
** For further queries, please contact us at the following helpline no.
0800-88008**

Disclaimer: The Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP), as a matter of policy, disclaims responsibility for any private publication or
statement by any of its employees. The views expressed herein are those of the sender and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Commission, the
Commissioners, or other members of the Commission's staff. This message (and any associated files) is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to
which it is addressed and may contain information that is confidential, or subject to copyright. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that
any dissemination, copying or distribution of this message, or files associated with this message, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in
error, please accept Commission?s apologies and notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer. Messages sent to and
from us may be monitored to maintain necessary service and security standards. Internet communications cannot be guaranteed to be secured or error-free
as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any
errors or omissions that are present in this message, or any attachment, that have arisen as a result of Email transmission. If verification is required, please
request a hard-copy version.
Warning:The recipient should check this Email and any attachment for the presence of viruses. Although the Commission has taken reasonable precautions
to ensure no viruses are present in this Email, the Commission does not accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this Email or any
attachments(s).