FIRST AMENDMENT
to Maintenance Services Agreement
by and between
Naveed Shah ("First Party") and Zameen Media (Private) Limited ("Second Party")
[Each a "Party" and, collectively, "Parties"]
This first amendment ("First Amendment") to the Maintenance Services Agreement dated gth
September, 2021 ("Maintenance Agreement") is made and entered into at Lahore on this 21st
July, 2025.
WHEREAS
(A)

The Parties entered into the Maintenance Agreement for management of an area
measuring ten thousand three-hundred and eighty (10380) sq. ft, on 8th floor of the building
named and styled as "Mega Tower", located at 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore
("Demised Premises"); and

(B)

The Parties hereby mutually agree to revise and amend the Maintenance Agreement as
per the terms and conditions of this First Amendment.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

The First Amendment shall come into force on 16th August, 2023 ("Effective Date").

2.

Pursuant to Clause 2.1 of the Maintenance Agreement, the Parties hereby mutually agree
to extend the term of the Maintenance Agreement for a period of four (4) years,
commencing from the Effective Date and ending on 15th August, 2027 ("Extended Term").

3.

During the Extended Term, the Second Party shall pay to the First Party water and
sewerage charges at the rate of PKR 04/- per unit exclusive of all taxes ("Monthly Water
and Sewerage Charges") per month.

4.

During the Extended Term, the First Party shall charge the Second Party for the use of
generator a rate of PKR 80!- (Rupees Eighty Only) per unit utilized, exclusive of all taxes,
where one unit is equal to one KWH ("Generator Charges").

5.

During the Extended Term, the First Party shall charge the Second Party for Genset Line
Rent 3 Phase at the rate of PKR 7,500!- (Rupees Seven Thousand and Five Hundred Only)
per month and for Genset Line Rent Single Phase at the rate of PKR 5,000!- (Rupees Five
Thousand Only) per month, the said charges are exclusive of all taxes.

6.

All other terms and provisions in the Maintenance Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply
and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms mentioned therein.
In the event of any conflict, the terms of this First Amendment shall prevail, and any
conflicting term in the Maintenance Agreement shall be deemed amended appropriately.
This First Amendment shall be read as an integral part of the Maintenance Agreement.

8.

All expressions and terms defined or used in the Maintenance Agreement shall bear the
same meaning in this First Amendment, unless otherwise specified herein.

9.

This First Amendment may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have signed this First Amendment, having fully
understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED

For and on behalf of First Party
Naveed Shah
CNIC No. 17301-0268110-5

For and on behalf of Second Party
Mariam Saleem Akbar
Senior Director

WITNESSES

4
Name:

Name:

CNIC:

CNIC:

AEL
-qt,;)-7