A552173

I 11111 I III 1111 IIl%ll1UIlIlllIIlIIlII II III

-::

••

,.

2 ç.p4#: t(

iC

\Z

I
j.'.

..

'
/

_

Z

t

?u9e9

I
..\

- "

R

.'

•'

PU U
Ettc
U
The Contents
Outside Pakistan

AGREEMENT FOR CANTEEN
This service agreement for canteen (this "Agreement") is entered into at Lahore on this 28th day
of September, 2020 (the "Effective Date") by and between:

Azhar Aslam Sb Mian Mohammad Aslam, holder of CNIC No. 35202-0202060-1
conducting business under the trade name "Lahore Spices" ("Vendor" which
expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successorsin-interest and permitted assigns).
AND
ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws
of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B!!, M.M. Alam Road,
Gulberg Ill, Lahore ("Zameen" which expression shall, where the context so
admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns).
[The Vendor and the Zameen shall also individually be referred to as "Party" and,
collectively, "Parties"]

I

-IMAD KJIAN

I
".tr1J

P'YT.

Fibt&
GOUR

j

WHEREAS
(A) The Vendor in the business of providing food catering and canteen services and
represents having the expertise in relation thereto;
(B) Zameen is desirous of availing, and the Vendor is desirous of providing, canteen services
on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed between the Parties as under:

1. TERM & SCOPE
1.1

The Vendor shall perform such Service as specified in Clause 2, exclusively for the
convenience of Zameen's employees, at its offices located at(1) Pearl One, 94 B/I,
MM Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore; (2) 77 Main Boulevard, Block D-1, Gulberg Ill,
Lahore Center and (3) Mega Tower, 63-B, Main Boulevard, Gulberg II, Lahore
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Offices"), at the Vendor's own cost and
expense.

1.2

In accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in consideration
for the Service, Zameen hereby grants revocable and limited permission to the
Vendor to access and use the allocated space within its Offices during the Term.

1 .3

This Agreement shall be valid for a period of two (2) years, commencing from the
Effective Date and ending on 26th September, 2022 (the "Term").

2 TERMS OF SERVICE
2.1

The Vendor shall, at each of the three (3) Offices, offer pre-cooked food items as
specified in Annexure A (the "Food Items"), for sale to Zameen's employees (the
"Service").

2.2

The Vendor may remove or add items to the list of Food Items specified in Clause
2.1 above, however, the Vendor shall ensure that a minimum of ten (10) Food
Items are available at the Offices at all times.

2.3

The charges for the Food Item being sold by the Vendor, shall be borne by the
respective Zameen's employee purchasing the Food Item and Zameen disclaims
all liability for any money payable by the employees. The Vendor shall be solely
responsible for the collection of money from the employees.

2.4

For the performance of Service under this Agreement, Zameen shall permit the
Vendor to use electricity at the Offices. For the use of electricity, the Vendor shall
pay to Zameen for each Office, electricity charges equivalent to PKR 10,000
(Rupees Ten Thousand) at the start of each month during the Term of this
Agreement ("Electricity Charges").

3. RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS:
3.1. The Vendor agrees to do each of the following:

a.

provide the Service on a daily basis, from Monday to Sunday between 9 a.m.
and 6 p.m.

b.

set up one (1) kiosk, one (1) chiller, one (1) microwave oven, one (1) cash
counter and one (1) table at the allocated space within the Offices. Provided
that the Vendor may, subsequently, bring more equipment as per the
requirements of the Service to be performed, for which the vendor shall share
an updated list of all equipment with Zameen;

c.

Sell Food Items at the rates approved by Zameen from time to time,

d.

Repair, maintain and/or replace all faulty equipment(s) and ensure that all
equipment is safe and fit for use and operation;

e.

depute sufficient number of employees at each of the Offices ("Vendor's
Employees"), for smooth performance of the Service. Provided that the
Vendor must provide to Zameen, in advance, the details of the Vendor's
Employees including their names, addresses, copies of their CNIC and a
passport sized photograph;

f.

ensure that the Vendor's Employees must wear the Vendor's uniforms,
masks, hair caps and gloves at all times and shall follow shall follow
international and local standards of health and hygiene during performance
of the Services;

g.

The Vendor ensure that the Vendor's Employees at all times act in a
professional manner and follow all the rules and regulations as notified by
Zameen from time to time. In case of any misconduct, the Vendor shall, at
the request of Zameen, promptly remove and replace such Vendor's
Employee(s).

h.

provide fresh Food Items on a daily basis and ensure that the perishable
Food Items are sold within twenty-four (24) hours of the same being cooked;
and

i.

ensure that the Food Items must be fit for human consumption and should
be strictly in accordance with the standards specified by the Punjab Food
Authority and the Punjab Food Act 2011.

4. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATION
4.1. The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that it has the authority to enter into
and execute this Agreement.
4.2. The Vendor hereby warrants that the Vendor and the Vendor's Employees shall
follow international standards of health and hygiene during the performance of
Service under this Agreement.
4.3. The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that the Food Items must be fit for
human consumption and should be strictly in accordance with the standards
specified by the Punjab Food Authority and the Punjab Food Act 2011.

4.4. The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that the Vendor has obtained
validation of all its requisite licenses, authorisations, approvals and consents from
the statutory authorities as required under the applicable laws to provide the Service
('License"). Moreover, the Vendor shall ensure that the License shall remain valid
and in force during the Term and any renewal thereof hereunder.
4.5. The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that the Vendor shall perform its
obligations under this Agreement in accordance with applicable laws, the License,
industry standards and good practices.
4.6. The Vendor hereby represents and warrants that the Vendor shall render Service
under this Agreement in a timely and effective manner, with the highest level of care
and skill.
4.7. The Vendor gives the warranties to and for the benefit of Zameen and warrants to
Zameen that each and every warranty set out in this agreement is true, accurate
and not misleading in any way as of the signing date and will remain to be true
accurate and not misleading in all respects.
4.8. The Vendor acknowledges that Zameen has been induced to enter into this
Agreement on the basis of and reliance on the representations made by the Vendor.
5. INDMENITY
The Vendor agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend Zameen, its directors,
officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and
all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements,
judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable
attorney's fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out
of or relate to breach of the Agreement including any breach of the representation or
warranty of the Vendor as contained herein, or due to any act, error, omission or
negligence of the Vendor.

6. AMENDMENTS AND SEVERABILITY
6.1. All additions, amendments and variations to this Agreement shall be binding only if
in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of both Parties.
6.2. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of
this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid
or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or
unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain
in full force and effect, and the Parties shall, within thirty (30) days of such
declaration or judgment, substitute the affected provisions in such a way that to the
maximum extent possible the substitution carries out the original intent of the
Parties as to the point or points in question.
7.

TERMINATION

7.1. Either Party may terminate this Agreement unilaterally by giving the other Party
one-month advance notice.
7.2. Any breach of the Agreement or the warranties and representations by the Vendor,
including non-payment of Electricity Charges as per Clause 2.4 above, shall entitle
Zameen to terminate this Agreement immediately without notice and without
prejudice to the Zameen's right to seek any other appropriate remedy available to
it under the applicable laws.
8. GENERAL CLAUSES
8.1. Either Party shall be excused from the performance of any of his obligations under
this Agreement and such obligations shall be extended by a period reasonable
under the circumstances if the performance thereof is prevented or delayed by
industrial disputes or any cause beyond the affected Party's reasonable control
which, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include acts
of God, riots, wars, national emergencies, acts of terrorism, epidemic/pandemic,
accidents, lockdowns, embargo, or requisition. In case any such force majeure
event exceeds a period of thirty (30) days, the Parties may terminate the
Agreement.
8.2. The Parties intend that the relationship created between them by this Agreement
shall be as independent contractors. This Agreement is not to be construed in any
way as creating any employer-employee, partnership, principal-agent, masterservant, joint venture or other similar relationship between the Parties.
8.3. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to
this Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan.
8.4.

Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under this Agreement based
on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such
Party.

8.5. This Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between
the Parties hereto, and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral
understanding, arrangement or communication between the Parties.
8.6. This Agreement may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the
conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses
SIGNED BY:

L

For and on behalf of Vendor

For and on behalf of Zameen

Azhar Aslam

Mariam Saleem Akbar

CNIC No. 35202-0202060-1

35202-9099820-4

WITNESSED BY:
(1)

(2)

Name: /lU/1cf,vfl/h1 cWJ UkncI'A
Oq
CNlC: 32o2
2_
Date: 2—o'-2oZo

Name:
CNlC:
Date:

ANNEXURE A
LIST OF FOOD ITEMS

The Food Items shall inter a/ia include:
BREAKFAST (0900hrs - 1200hrs)
1.
2.
3.
4.

Omelette Paratha Roll
Grilled Potato Sandwich
Chicken Sandwich
Egg and Butter Sandwich

LUNCH (1200hrs - l800hrs)
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Chicken Drumstick (80 gram).
Chicken Spring roll (40 grams)
Anda Shami Burger (40 grams)
Plain Chicken Shawarma (50 grams)
Chicken Sandwich (50 grams)

6. Arabian Cheese Wrap (Half cut) (60 grams).
7. Chicken Kabab (100 grams) + 1 Naan
8. Grilled Chicken Leg Piece (250 +1- grams) + 1 Naan
9. Grilled Chicken Breast Piece (350 +1- grams) + 1 Naan
10. Spicy Chicken Burger (80 grams patty)
11. Grilled Club Sandwich (100 grams)
12. Grilled Club Sandwich with Cheese (100 grams)
13. Crumbed Chicken Burger (60 grams)
14. Crumbed Chicken Burger with Cheese (60 grams)
The brands used for ingredients in the Food Items are as follows:
1. Bread and Beyond
2. Dawn Bread
3. Knorr
4. Adam's cheese
5. Sufi cooking oil
6. Meezan Cooking oil
7. Dipitt Sauces
8. French's Mustard Paste
9. Imported Olives
10. Surees Thai Sauces

5