ZAMEEN ACE MALL 
 AGREEMENT FOR DRAINWORKS 
 
 
 This Agreement for Excavation (the “Agreement” ) is entered into at Lahore on this 2 nd day of November, 20 20 by and between: 
 
 ZUI Investments , a partnership firm registered under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office located at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore , (“ Employer ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 AND 
 
 Shelters Construction (Private) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan , with its registered office located at Place No. 3, First Floor, Overseas A Block, Commercial Market, Bahria Town Lahore (“ Contractor ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( Employer and the Contractor shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, as “ Parties ”) . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 The Employer solely and absolutely owns the real estate project, named and styled as ‘ Zameen Ace Mall’ , located at Plot No. 15-A Sector J, Phase II , DHA, Islamabad (the “ Project Site ”); and 
 
 The Contractor is in the business of construction , and has all the necessary skills, capabilities, equipment and licences to construct, develop and undertake the Works (defined below) at the Site ( defined below ) ; and 
 
 The Employer is desirous of availing the expertise of the Contractor for the construction at the Site (the “ Works ” ) and the Contractor is desirous of providing such services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 DEFINITIONS &amp; INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “ Agreement ” means this agreement executed between the Parties including its annexures attached hereto. 
 
 “ Bill of Quantities ” means the priced and completed bill of quantities means contained in Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Completion Period ” means sixty (60) calendar days from the date of Commencement . 
 
 “ Confidential Information ” means any information , data or documents relating to the construction of the residential unit(s) and the Works, supplied by the Employer , electronic ally or through paper documentation , either written or oral, to the Contractor . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Confidential Information shall include , inter alia , proprietary technical and business information of the Employer, including but not limited to: ( i ) drawings, designs, maps, specifications, information relating to vendors, materials used, pricing etc. (ii) information in tangible or intangible form relating to released or unreleased products or services or the marketing or promotion thereof (including pricing), business policies or practices, financial condition, operations, facilities, equipment, software, procurement and/or purchasing requirements, customers (former, current, or potential), investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising data, or marketing methods and plans; (ii) patents and patent applications; (iii) techniques, designs, work schedules, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, processes, equipment, algorithms, and formulae related to current, future and/or proposed products and services, including information concerning research, development, design details, quantities and specifications; and any information received from third parties that the Contractor is obligated to treat as confidential. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor after the lapse of Defects Liability Period upon the remedying of the identified defects under Clause 11.6 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Period ” means a period six (06) months starting from the date of Taking Over Certificate for the Contractor to remedy , remove and cure any defects identified by the Employer as contained in Clause 11.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Effective Date ” means the 02 October , 2020 . 
 
 “ Engineer ” means, for the purposes of this Agreement , any competent person appointed by the Employer to act as the Engineer. 
 
 “ Intended Purpose ” means the completion of the rainwater drain pipeline free of d efects by the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to enable the Employer to divert rainwater from the existing pipeline in the normal course on the basis that ( i ) the construction, finishing and engineering is as per the Drawings and (ii) the Works are in accordance with the relevant Technical S pecifications set out in this Agreement . 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance ” means the interest free advance given by the Employer to the Contractor in accordance with Clause 6.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the guarantee submitted by the Contractor to the Employer in the form and manner prescribed by the Employer against the Mobilization Advance. 
 
 “ Retention Amount ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5.5 . 
 
 “ Scope of Works ” means the scope and details of Works, as set out in Bill of Quantities/ Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Project Site ” means the property located at 15-A Sector J, Phase II , DHA, Islamabad , owned by the Employer. 
 
 “ Taking Over Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor under Clause 10.1 upon the satisfactory completion of Works. 
 
 “ Works ” means all the work relating to excavation, construction, completion and finishing of the pipeline by the Contractor in accordance with this Agreement and its Annexures including the remedying and removal of all defects identified by the Employer or Engineer . 
 
 “ Site ” the location and area identified by the Employer in the Technical Specifications or any such area identified by the Employer from time to time , on which the Works shall be undertaken and completed by the Employer . 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four ( 24 ) hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day; and 
 
 A reference to the headings in the Agreement is for ease of reference only and is not to be taken into account in construction or interpretatio n. 
 
 No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement. 
 
 SCOPE OF WORKS 
 
 The Employer hereby agrees to avail the Contractor’s services and the Contractor hereby agrees to provide its services for the completion of Works and to perform all acts necessary and required for execution of all Works to be performed under this Agreement, as more fully described in th e Bill of Quantities, Technical Specifications and Drawings attached herewith as Annexures B, C and D respectively and the subsequent tasks for remedying and removal of any defects in the Works identified by the Employer (the “ Works ”) . 
 
 The following documents shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto and shall override any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the Parties with respect to the Works to be done under this Agreement: 
 
 This Agreement 
 Letter of Acceptance - Annexure A 
 Bill of Quantities - Annexure B 
 Technical Specifications - Annexure C 
 Drawings - Annexure D 
 Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 
 The Work shall be verified by the Employer who shall be the sole judge of the quality of Works done by the Contractor and the Employer retains the right to reject the Works if the same are not found in compliance with this Agreement, its Annexures or any specific direction (s), written or oral , of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the Intended Purpose and in accordance with timelines provided in the Agreement. The Contractor’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency( ies ). 
 
 The Contractor’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Contractor, or is implied by this Agreement, and all work which although not mentioned in this Agreement is necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper construction and operation of the Works. 
 
 APPOINTMENT OF ENGINEER 
 
 The Employer shall appoint a qualified and competent person or persons to act as an e ngineer for the purpose of this Agreement who shall carry out all such duties as specified in the Agreement or as instructed by the Employer from time to time (the “ Engineer ”) . The Engineer may nominate a team of technical advisors and/or experts at its sole discretion to supervise, corroborate and authorize the Works done at the Site . All decision s and direction s issued by the Engineer shall be binding on the Contractor. 
 
 If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property( ies ), the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of its duties and responsibilities under the Agreement, instruct the Contractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement, the Engineer or any other representative of the Employer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of its obligations under the Agreement. 
 
 Wherever, under the Agreement, the Engineer is required to exercise this discretion by: 
 
 giving its decision, opinion or consent, or 
 
 expressing its satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor 
 it shall exercise such discretion impartially within the terms of the Agreement and having regard to all the circumstances . 
 Any a pproval s , reviews , evaluations or inspection s by the Engineer of any part of the Works shall not relieve the Contractor of its sole responsibility and liability for the construction , stability, completion or execution of Works or any part thereof in accordance with the Agreement . N either the Engineer’s authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Agreement whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, any s ubcontractor, any of their representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 COMMENCEMENT &amp; COMPLETION OF WORKS 
 The Contractor shall commence the Works on Site within seven (7) calendar days of Effective Date. Thereafter, the Contractor shall proceed with the Works with due expedition and without delay. 
 The Contractor shall bear all costs and charges for special or temporary way leaves required by him in connection with access to the Site. The Contractor shall also provide at its own cost any additional facilities outside the Site required by him for the purposes of the Works. 
 The whole of the Works and, if applicable, any Section required to be completed shall be completed within sixty (60) calendar days calculated from the Commencement Date (the “ Completion Period ”), or such extended time as may be allowed by the Employer. In the event that the Contractor fails to perform or fulfil its obligations during the Completion Period or any such a dditional p eriod as may be granted to the Contractor by the Employer , the Contractor shall be liable to pay damages as specified in Clause 17.1 ( Liquidated Damages ) . 
 In the event the Parties agree in writing to an increase in the quantity or scope of Works, the Employer, after due consultation with the Engineer, shall grant a reasonable extension in Completion Period. 
 The Parties hereby agree that any extension in the Completion Period under this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Employer. 
 PAYMENTS &amp; CONTRACT PRICE 
 For the completion of Works in accordance with this Agreement, the Contractor shall be entitled to and the Employer shall pay to the Contractor an amount equivalent to Rupees Five Million Three Hundred Forty-Two Thousand One Hundred and Forty- Nine ( Rs . 5,342,14 9 ) (exclusive of sales tax) (“ Contract Price ”) . 
 The Contractor shall issue to the Employer a monthly invoice (including all supporting documents) for the Work done during the preceding month (“ Interim Payment Certificate or IPC ”). The Employer shall make payments within twenty-one (21) working days after verification of the IPC by the Engineer, subject to any applicable deductions under this Agreement. 
 The Contract Price shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicable taxes, charges, fees and levies including withholding tax (WHT) in accordance with applicable laws . 
 
 In the event the Employer require s any addition to the W orks. For the additional Works, the Employer shall pay to the Contractor in accordance with the item rates specified in the Bill of Quantities. The e xtra i tem rates and their total impact of cost and/or time shall b e subject to approval of the Employer before carrying out the additional w ork. 
 A retention amount will be retained by the Employer at the rate of five percent (5%) of each Interim Payment Certificate submitted by the Contractor to the Employer (“ Retention Amount ”) to be used by the Employer for making good any W ork not performed in accordance with the Agreement or rectification of any defects. The Employer shall return the Retention Amount to the Contractor within fourteen (14) days of issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate, subject to any deductions or adjustments, in accordance with Clause s 6 &amp; 17 of the Agreement. 
 MOBILIZATION ADVANCE 
 
 An interest free Mobilization Advance amounting to a total of fifteen per cent (15%) of the Contract Price (“ Mobilization Advance ”) shall be paid by the Employer to the Contractor upon submission by the Contractor of a m obilization a dvance g uarantee for the full amount of the Mobilization Advance in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer (“ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be recovered from the Interim Payment Certificate submitted by the Contractor to the Employer at the rate of e ighteen per cent ( 18 %) of the submitted Interim Payment Certificate . 
 PERFORMANCE SECURITY 
 
 The Contractor shall , at its own cost and expense, provide a Performance Security to the Employer in the form of an insurance guarantee/ bond in favour of the Employer from a company of at least AA rat ing . The Performance Security shall be furnished or caused to be furnished by the Contractor within fourteen (14) d ays of the Effective Date and shall be for an amount equivalent to ten per cent (10%) of the Contract Price. 
 
 The P erformance S ecurity shall be valid until the Contractor has executed and completed the Works and remedied any defects therein in accordance with the Agreement . No claim shall be made against such security after the issuance of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate. 
 INSURANCES 
 
 The Contractor shal l , within s even ( 7 ) days of signing of the Agreement , obtain insurance coverage for all risks including inter alia : 
 
 the Works, together with materials for incorporation therein, to the full replacement cost ; 
 
 an additional sum of ten per cent (10%) of such replacement cost, to cover any additional costs of and incidental to the rectiﬁcation of loss or damage including professional fees and the cost of demolishing and removing any part of the Works and of removing debris of whatsoever nature ; 
 
 the Contractor’s e quipment and other things brought onto the Site by the Contractor, for a sum sufﬁcient to provide for their replacement at the Site ; 
 
 accident, death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person(s) arising out of or in relation to the Works or the Agreement; and 
 
 its employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and/or working at the Site. 
 
 
 The sum insured by the Contractor through the insurance obtained under Clause 8.1 above shall not be less than ten per cent (10%) of the Contract Price. 
 
 The insurance shall be in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer and shall cover: 
 
 The Employer and the Contractor against all loss or damage from whatsoever cause arising in respect of the Works or any section or part thereof as the case may be , at any time from the commencement of Work s at the Site until the date of issu anc e of the relevant Taking - Over Certiﬁcate ; and 
 
 The Contractor for its liability: 
 
 during the Defects L iability Period for loss or damage arising from a cause occurring prior to the commencement of the Defects Liability Period, and 
 for loss or damage occasioned by the Contractor in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with its obligations under Clauses 11 ( Defects liability Period ). 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, non-disclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy. 
 
 Any amounts not insured or not recovered from the insurers shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 OBLIGATIONS OF THE CONTRACTOR 
 
 The Contractor shall complete the Works in accordance with this Agreement, and shall inter alia : 
 
 Temporarily divert the rainwater drain pipeline , e xcavate the trench and build compacted backfill in the drain as described in detail in the as Annexure B as well as remove and dispose of from the Site, all materials and anything that may be an obstruction to the completion of Work ; 
 
 Installation and construction of water stopper, water membrane, steel reinforcement bars and connection of old drain to the new drain , including provision of all m achinery and workmen required for the Works ; 
 
 The Contractor shall clear the entire Site completely, at the time of completion/handling over, of any waste-material, ponding, debris dust and dirt and littering with waste materials and unnecessary obstructions. Similarly, Site shall be kept clean and clear by the Contractor at all times during construction Works as we