amping 1

0

iIIHB U

t'
,!'

-

*j?

1'>

\'" V -."

E-Stamp ID
Stamp Type:
Amount:

PB-LHR-ABE0326807C69A25
Low Denomination
Rs 100/-

Description

AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT - 5(d)

Applicant

Zameen Media Pvt Ltd Through Mariam Saleem Akbar(35202-9099820-4]

W/O:

Jehanzeb Amjad

Address:

Lahore

Issue Date

20-Jun-2022 2:35:44 PM

Delisted On/Validity

27-J un-2022

Amount in Words

One Hundred Rupees Only

Reason

Vehicle Maintenance Agreement Honda Fort Ltd Thru Amjad Mahboob 5/0 Mahboob Elahi 3

6544 189-7

ATS

balt1(.4ar1(et rew

I

B-LHR-17O9 Garden Town

SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE OF VEHICLES

This service agreement for repair and maintenance of vehicles ('Agreement") is made at
Lahore on this 22nd day of June, 2022

BY AND BETWEEN
Honda Fort (Private) Limited, a company having its registered office at 32Queens Road. Lahore, through its duly authorized representative Mr. Amjad
Mehboob vide authority letter dated 4m June, 2022 (hereinafter referred to as
"Service Provider" which expression shall, where the context so permits, be
deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and
assigns).
AND
Zameen Media (Private) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
Pakistan, with its registered office at 3rd floor, Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam
Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore, acting through its duly authorized representative Ms.
Mariam Saleem Akbar (hereinafter referred to as "Company" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and
includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);

(Service Provider and Company shall hereinafter also be referred to individual
and collectively as the "Parties").

Service Provider1s initials

Page 1 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

A
(
DIstrict

-

rt 1rt.
i1U(
) 5-12-02
5t1cR SAC1ANI
ItI1AN

WHEREAS the Service Provider is desirous of providing, and the Company is desirous of

availing, repair and maintenance services for its vehicles from the Service Provider in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as may be amended on written
mutual consent between the Parties.
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

SCOPE

1.1

The Service Provider hereby agrees to provide, and the Company hereby agrees to
avail repair and maintenance services for its vehicles on such rates as mutually agreed
between the Parties from time to time.

2.

TERM

2.1

This Agreement shall be effective for a period of one (1) year commencing on 22nd
June, 2022 (the "Effective Date") ending on 21st June, 2023 or on such other date as
may be agreed mutually between the Parties in writing (the "Term").

3.

SERVICES

3.1

The Service Provider shall provide to the Company repair and maintenance services
(the "Services") as and when required by the Company.

3.2

The Company shall intimate the Service Provider through e-mail regarding the
required Services to be undertaken (the "Work Order") and the Service Provider shall
repair the vehicle as per the requirement of the Company within the agreed time as
envisaged in the Work Order. However, if Service Provider feels that additional work
needs to be done then Service Provider shall request the Company for issuance of
work order for additional work. The Service Provider shall carry out the additional work
only upon receipt of work order for additional work from the Company.

3.3

The rates of spare parts shall be charged by the Service Provider in accordance with
the rates approved by Honda Atlas Cars (Pvt) Limited applicable as on the date of
repair of vehicle. However, the Company shall reserve the right to verify such rates.

4.

SERVICES FEES AND PAYMENT

4.1

For the Services availed by the Company, the Service Provider shall issue invoice on
a fortnightly basis. The invoice shall specify the details of each and every maintenance
work along with applicable rates. The Company shall verify the invoice and make
payments within twenty (20) working days from the date of issuance of invoice.

4.2

The Company shall notify the Service Provider about any dispute, discrepancy or
objection in respect of any invoice within seven (7) working days from the receipt of
such invoice. On being notified, Service Provider shall issue revised invoice containing
necessary changes! alterations.

4.3

The Service Provider hereby acknowledges and confirms that other than the services
fee, Service Provider shall not be entitled to any other payment, costs, expenses or
charges from the Company, unless expressly approved in writing.

4.4

All the aforementioned prices are inclusive of applicable taxes under the law for time
çossed
being in force. All payments under this Agreement shall be made
cheque I IBFT in favor of Honda Fort (Private) Limited.

5.

WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS

5.1

The Service Period hereby represents and warrants that:
I.

it has the authority to enter into and execute this Agreement;

Service Provider's initials

Page 2 of 4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

ii. it has obtained validation of all its requisite licenses, authorizations, approvals and
consents from the statutory authorities as required under the applicable laws to
provide the Services ('License") under this Agreement. Moreover, the Service
Provider shall ensure that the License shall remain valid and in force during the
Term and any renewal thereof hereunder;
iii. it shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with applicable
laws, the License, industry standards and good practices; and
iv. It shall render Services under this Agreement in a timely and effective manner,
with the highest level of care and skill.
5.2

The Service Provider acknowledges that the Company has been induced to enter into
this Agreement on the basis of and reliance on the representations made by the
Service Provider.

6.

TERMINATION

6.1

Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving one (1) month's prior written
notice to the other Party, and the Agreement shall stand terminated on the lapse of
such notice period.

7.

NOTICES AND COMMUNICATION

7.1

Any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be sufficiently given to or served on the Party to whom it is addressed via
registered post or email. Notices should be addressed to the Parties at the addresses
first written above, or to such other address as a Party shall specify in writing. Notices
shall be deemed delivered within four (4) working days if sent by registered post or
within twenty-four (24) hours if sent by email.

7.2

Following personnel will act as POCs on behalf of Company for the purposes of any
communication under this Agreement:
Adeel Khalid

Senior Manager

adeel.khalid©zameen.com

0300-8565687

Syed lmran

Assistant Manager

lmran.kazmi(zameen.com 0300-8591544

Amna Rashi

Admin Executive

arnna.gu1Izameen.corn

8.

FORCE MAJEURE

8.1

A Party shall be released from their respective obligations in the event of national
emergency, war, prohibitive governmental regulation, pandemic, government
lockdown, or any other cause(s) beyond the reasonable control of such Party which
renders the performance of this Agreement by either Party impossible in whole or part.
for a period of time equal to the period of time of the event of force majeure.

9.

JURISDICTION & ARBITRATION

9.1

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Pakistan

9.2

Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, if not
amicably resolved between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of it so arising, shall be
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, upon serving of notice by either o ND,.
Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language f
arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the C..-;
may be. shall be final and binding on both Parties. including decisions as to costs.

10.

INDEMNITY

Service Provider's initials
Page 3 of4
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials

10.1 The Service Provider hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
Company against all third party claims, losses, damages, adverse claims,
proceedings, charges, penalties, fines, etc. resulting from or arising out of any breach
of the Servicer Provider's obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited
to any of its representations, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct,
complete or complied with and/or arising out of or in relation to any action, error,
omission or negligence of the Service Provider.
11.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

11.1 This Agreement and the Annexures hereto shall constitute the entire Agreement and
understanding between the Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No
amendment or change hereof or addition hereto shall be effective or binding, unless
set forth in writing and executed by both the Parties.
12.

RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

12.1

Nothing in this Agreement (or any of the arrangements contemplated by it) is or shall
be deemed to constitute a partnership between the Parties nor constitute either Party
as the agent of the other for any purpose.

13.

SEVERABILITY

13.1 The provisions of the Agreement are severable and if one or more provisions are found
to be illegal or unenforceable, in whole or part, the remaining provisions, to the extent
enforceable, shall be binding and enforceable.
14.

COUNTERPARTS

14.1 This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same.
15.

TIME Is ESSENCE

15.1

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the time fixed for completion of
obligations under this Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Agreement.

IN WITNESSS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the day,
month and year mentioned above.
For and on behalf of Service Provider

For and on behalf of Company

Amjad Mehboob

Mariam Saleem Akbar

CNlC: 35202-6544189-7

CNIC: 35202-3590102-9

Date:

Date:

WITNESSES
(1)

Name:

Name: ('26

CNIC:

CNIC:

Date:

Date: Zi

Service Provider's initials
Page 4 of 4

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

Company's initials