AGREEMENT FOR EXCAVATION 
 
 
 This Agreement for Excavation (the “Agreement” ) is entered into at Rawalpindi on this 23 rd day of June , 2020 (the “ Effective Date ”), by and between: 
 
 Mall 35 , a partnership firm, having its registered office at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its partners (1) Zameen Alpha (Private) Limited through its authorized representative Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan and (2) EBCO Constructions (Private) Limited through its authorized representative Mr. Hasan Sheikh ( the “ Employer ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 AND 
 
 
 Mr. Muhammad Kashif Umer , a sole proprietor operating under the name “ Umer Kashif &amp; Sons Construction s ” with its principle place of business at Office No. 7, Basement, Bilal Plaza, Haider Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi ( “ Contractor ” ) which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( The Employer and the Contractor shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, as “ Parties ”) 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Employer solely and absolutely owns the real estate project, named and styled as ‘ Mall 35’ , located at Plot No. 35 -A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt. , along with its land area (the “ Site ”); and 
 
 The Contractor is in the business of excavation, and has all the necessary skills, expertise, capabilities, training, equipment , route permits and licences to excavate all the materials from the Site; and 
 
 The Employer is desirous of availing the expertise of the Contractor for excavation at the Site (the “ Works ” ) and the Contractor is desirous of providing such services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 Scope 
 
 The Employer hereby agrees to avail the Contractor’s services and the Contractor hereby agrees to provide his services for the completion of Works to be performed under this Agreement, as more fully described in th e Bill o f Quantities , Drawings &amp; Technical Specifications attached herewith as Annexure s B, C and D . 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all acts required for excavation and execute all the ancillary and subsequent tasks that are needed to be carried out for the execution of Works as more fully specified in the Drawings, Technical Specifications and Bill of Quantities (Annexures B, C &amp; D respectively). 
 
 Subsequent to Article 1.2 , the Contractor shall also excavate the foundations as defined in the Drawings &amp; Technical Specifications and shall provide a naturally compacted surface ready for lean activity, subject to approval by the Engineer. 
 
 
 The acceptance of the Contractor’s services with respect to the Works to be performed has already been communicated to the Contractor by vide letter dated 15 th day of June , 2020 (the “ Letter of Acceptance ”) attached herewith as Annexure A. 
 
 
 The following documents shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto and shall override any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the Parties with respect to the Works to be conducted under this Agreement : 
 
 This Excavation Agreement 
 Letter of Acceptance - Annexure A 
 Bill of Quantities - Annexure B 
 Technical Specifications - Annexure C 
 Drawings - Annexure D 
 Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 The Employer shall nominate a team of technical advisors and/or experts at its sole discretion (the “ Engineer ”) to supervise, corroborate and authorize the Works done at the Site and any decision/direction issued by the Engineer, shall be binding on the Contractor. 
 
 
 
 Term and Commencement Date 
 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective from the date of signing hereof by both Parties, and shall remain effective until the lapse of the Defects Liability Period ( defined below ) unless the Parties mutually agree to extend the Agreement in writing (the “ Term ”). 
 
 
 The Works to be performed under this Agreement in accordance with Clause 3 and Annexure C, shall commence upon issuance of a letter by the Employer authorising the Contractor to commence the Works (the “ Commencement Letter ”). The Works shall be initiated by the Contractor on the date specified in the Commencement Letter (the “ Commencement Date ”). 
 
 Completion of Works and Work Schedule 
 
 The duration for completion of Works specified in Annexure C, including any additional works specified and agreed between the Parties with respect to the excavation of the Site, shall be Forty-Five (45) calendar days from the Commencement Date (the “ Works Completion Period ”) . The Contractor perform and complete all Works in compliance with the agreed “ Work Schedule ” annexed as Annexure E of this Agreement. 
 
 In the event that the Contractor fails to perform the Works within the Works Completion Period , the Employer may grant a period of two (2) additional weeks (“ Additional Period ”) to the Contractor, in writing, for fulfilling his obligations under Agreement . In the event that the Contractor fails to perform or fulfil his obligations during the Additional Period, the Contractor shall be liable to pay penalties as specified in Clause 5.4 . 
 
 Without prejudice to the forgoing, the Parties hereby agree that any extension in the Term of this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Employer . 
 
 Defects Liability Period 
 
 The Contractor shall be granted an additional defects liability period of three (3) months (the “ Defects Liability Period ”) for making good and remedying any defects and damage in the Works conducted by the Contractor under this Agreement. 
 
 The Defects Liability Period shall commence upon the date of issuance of the completion certificate by the Engineer in charge on the actual date of completion of Works. 
 
 Failure by the Contactor to modify, rectify, amend or remedy the Works to the satisfaction of the Employer, shall be deemed to be a material breach of the Agreement and, without prejudice to other remedies available to the Employer, shall entitle the Employer, to deduct from the Contract Price as per Clause 5.4 and/or any outstanding payments owed by the Contractor to the Employer, an amount equivalent to the cost of remedying of any such defects. 
 
 Contract Price 
 
 As consideration for the completion of Works, the Employer shall pay to the Contractor an amount of R upee s Four Million Nine Hundred Forty Eight Thousand and Seven Hundred ( PKR 4, 948,700 ) inclusive of all taxes (the “ Contract Price ”). The Contract Price shall be deemed to be the full and final settlement of for the completion of Works and remedying of defects under this Agreement and no further payment or consideration of any kind in connection to the Works or remedying of defect therein is contemplated or required . 
 
 The Employer , at the time of signing this Agreement, shal l pay to the Contractor an amount of Rupees Six Hundred Thousand (PKR 600,000 ) for the mobilization of Works to be done under this Agreement (“ Mobilization Advance ”) . 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be adjusted by the Employer from the Contractor in two (2) equal instalments from the monthly invoice s issued by the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement . 
 
 The Contractor shall issue monthly invoices for the payment of the Works done by the Contractor . After the invoice has been verified and approved by the Engineer , the Employer shall pay to the Contractor for the Work certified by the Engineer , subject to applicable deductions as per the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Five per cent (5%) of each monthly invoice issued by the Contractor shall be retained as retained amount (“ Retained Amount ”). The Retained Amount shall be payable at the time to the Contractor by the Employer after the lapse of the Defects Liability Period. 
 
 No payment pursuant to this Agreement shall be made by the Employer to the Contractor for any extra work or materials provided or claimed unless prior written approval has been obtained from the Employer in relation thereto. 
 
 On account of delay in the completion of Works by the Contractor, a surcharge/penalty at ten (10) percent of the Contract Price for each week’s delay, shall be payable by the Contractor, up to a maximum penalty of thirty (30) percent of the Contract Price. 
 
 
 Insurances 
 
 The Contractor shall, without limiting his or the Employer’s obligations under the Agreement insure: 
 the Works, together with materials and Plant for incorporation therein, to the full replacement cost 
 an additional sum of fifteen ( 15 ) per cent of such replacement cost, to cover any additional costs of and incidental to the rectiﬁcation of loss or damage including professional fees and the cost of demolishing and removing any part of the Works and of removing debris of whatsoever nature 
 the Contractor’s Equipment and other things brought onto the Site by the Contractor, for a sum sufﬁcient to provide for their replacement at the Site, 
 his employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and/or working at the Site. 
 
 The insurance in Clause 6.1 shall be in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer and shall cover: 
 
 The Employer and the Contractor against all loss or damage from whatsoever cause arising from the start of Work at the Site until the lapse of Defects Liability Period in respect of the Works or part thereof as the case may be, and 
 
 the Contractor for his liability: 
 
 during the Defects liability Period for loss or damage arising from a cause occurring prior to the commencement of the Defects Liability Period, and 
 
 or loss or damage occasioned by the Contractor in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with his obligations. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, non-disclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy. 
 
 Obligations of the Contractor: 
 
 The Contractor shall complete the Works in accordance with this Agreement, and shall inter alia : 
 
 Excavate the entire Site, as described in detail in the Technical Specifications in Annexure C, as well as remove and dispose of from the Site, all materials and anything that may be an obstruction to the completion of Work ; 
 
 Remov e t emporary s oil r amp using agreed m ethodology , including provision of all m achinery and workmen required for its removal; 
 
 Provide and maintain adequate protection against fire , flooding etc. , and not to create any undue hazardous conditions in connection with the Works at the Site ; 
 
 Make adequate arrangements, at its own cost and expense, for dewatering of Site in case of flooding due to rain or any other reason; 
 
 Provide, at his own cost, all labour, equipment and machinery required for the excavation and disposal of the materials from the Site; 
 
 To spray water on temporary soil ramp and the dump trucks carrying excavated soil if the soil is dry and to cover the material during transportation; 
 
 Maintain the Site and any temporary sheds, structures or any other setup established thereon by the Contractor, as well as any facilities, such as water and sanitation, electricity, or any other facility required or utilised by the Contractor or his employees, agents or personnel, at the Contractor’s own cost; 
 
 Provide and maintain at his own cost all lights, guards, fencing, warning signs and surveillance, when and where necessary or required by the Engineer or by any duly constituted authority, for the protection of the Works , the Contractor’s personnel at Site and/or for the safety and convenience of the general public ; 
 
 Provide and maintain security at Site for the protection and safety of his own materials, equipment, machinery, personnel or any unfinished work against theft, loss or damage. 
 
 Store and organize all material s, machinery and equipment in a neat and orderly fashion and such that full access to and within the S ite is maintained at all times for the Employer, Engineer and all other persons and contractors;     
 
 Ensure that in the event the Completion Date is delayed due to an act , error or omission on part of the Contractor, a competent representative of the Contractor accurately reports any such deviation from the original Completion Date and the effect on costs in writing to the Employer immediately. Thereafter, any extension of the Term shall be at the sole discretion of the Engineer; 
 
 Inform the Employer forthwith about any unknown existing utilities or connections discovered, uncovered or encountered while completing the Works under this Agreement and ensure that any such utilities are appropriately guarded and protected against damage, unless directed otherwise in writing by the Employer ; 
 
 Take all reasonable steps to protect the environment on and off the Site and shall avoid causing any damage or nuisance in the form of pollution, noise or other causes arising as a consequence of the methods of conducting the Works; 
 
 Be responsible for maintaining and supervising all safety precautions in relation to the Works and shall take all reasonable safety precautions and provide all reasonable protection to prevent damage, injury, or loss to all personnel and subcontractors at the Site and all other persons affected by the Works, all materials and equipment in the care and custody of the Contractor or subcontractor, and the property at the Site and re move all such safety measures upon completion of the W ork. 
 
 In addition to its own safety protocols and procedures, t he Contractor shall strictly follow all the safety procedures and practices as laid down by the Engineer; 
 
 The Contractor shall adopt and ensure that all safety measures are being followed whilst operating the excavation machinery on the Site, including inter alia excavators, dumpers and tractors; 
 
 Execute the Works with utmost care and ensure that no damage, as a result of the completion of Works, is caused to the existing structure at the Site, which is in the form of pile works and live drainage p ipelines (the “ Existing Structure ”). Any damage to the Existing Structure in any manner whatsoever shall be the exclusive responsibility and liability of the Contractor, and any such damage shall be repaired by the Contractor at its own expense as and when directed by the Engineer; 
 
 Execute the Works in such a manner and with utmost care and caution so as to not cause any harm or damage to the adjacent property( ies ), including public pathways, roads etc. Any such damage shall be the exclusive responsibility of the Contractor and shall be repaired by the Contractor at his own expense; and 
 
 Coordinate and cooperate fully with other contractors who shall be erecting the retaining walls adjacent to the Existing Structure , working for the Employer at and in the vicinity of the Site . 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for coordination with other contractor(s) hired by the Employer for performance of anchoring works at various levels of piling (including boring, grouting, RCC anchor beam, stressing and RCC rafts/walls etc.) . For smooth operation of piling works and Works to be done under this Agreement , the Contractor will be required to pause the Works for several days , in accordance with the Schedule of Works . However, the Contractor shall remain liable for complete the Works within the Works Completion Period as per Clause 3.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 The Contractor is bound to follow the time line of this Agreement which is the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 Contractor’s Warranties 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants: 
 
 That it has the capacity to enter into this Agreement, and is not in breach of any law and/or obligation by entering into this Agreement; 
 
 To take reasonable care and skill in the completion of Works under this Agreement; 
 
 To obtain all necessary permits and licences , NOCs and pay all fees and charges connected with the Works; 
 
 To comply with all labour laws and any occupational, health and safety regulations and by-laws applicable for Works in relation to the performance of this Agreement. More specifically the Contractor undertakes not to employee any labour below the age of eighteen ( 18 ) years; 
 
 Not to cause damage to adjoining walls, buildings, trees and plantation, and/or to neighbouring properties, whether public or private; 
 
 To ensure that the Works are carried out in accordance with the Rawalpindi Cantonment rules and regulations i.e. during the day shifts only, and loading of materials and debris for disposal is carried out during evening/night shifts i.e. i.e. between 10 p m and 7 a m . The Contractor shall ensure provision of adequate lighting and other safety arrangements at his own expense for such purposes; 
 
 To take proper precautions and measures, to ensure safety and not to risk or endanger or cause any damage to any person(s) or their property, present at the Site; 
 
 That prior to excavation over or adjacent to existing utilities, the Contractor shall seek approval from the Employer and/or the Engineer, and notify the relevant authority to ensure the Works will be coordinated and performed in accordance with applicable laws and requirements; 
 
 That if the Contractor does not rectify/repair any damage to the Existing Structure as specified in Clause 7.1.17 , the Contractor’s machinery and plants present at the Site shall be possessed by the Employer and be used to compensate the losses incurred and/or adjusted against the Contract Price ; 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the Contractor agrees and understands that the Employer is the owner in possession of the Site and shall remain the same at all times. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the ownership and the Employer’s unfettered and unconditional right to enter and inspect all or any part of the Site; 
 
 The Contractor has reviewed all documents, data, information (including Schedule of Works) provided by the Employer and other contractor(s) hired by the Employers and has also inspected and examined the Site and its surroundings and has satisfied himself (having regard to considerations of cost and time) as to the form and nature of the Site (including sub—surface, hydrological, geological, topographic, atmospheric and climatic conditions) and all other conditions of the Site that may affect the Contractor’s execution of the Works and its obligations under the Agreement. The Contractor therefore hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all c osts and contingencies for successfully executing the Works and satisfying all obligations under the Agreement and to bear all and any consequences resulting from its improper evaluation or interpretation. The Contractor undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above-mentioned conditions and information. 
 
 That the Contractor shall bear costs and expenses for any damage caused to the existing public utilities and connections, including inter alia water, electricity, sui-gas, telecommunication lines and sewerage, during the Term of this Agreement; and 
 
 That the Contractor shall be responsible for the adequacy, stability and safety of all the Works conducted at the Site, in accordance with and in compliance with, relevant labour laws and other applicable rules, regulations and by-laws. 
 
 Rate of Progress of Works: 
 
 
 
 The Works shall be completed by the Contractor on or before the Completion Date. 
 
 If the Works are delayed subject to changes made by the Employer or due to circumstances beyond the Contractor's control including the events listed in Clause 13 ( Force Majeure ) , or by any cause which the Engineer may determines as justified, the Term may be extended for such reasonable time as the Engineer may determine. 
 
 If, during the Term of this Agreement, for any reason that does not entitle the Contractor to an extension of the Term under this Agreement, the rate of progress of the Works, in the sole opinion of the Engineer, is too slow to be completed by the Date of Completion, the Engineer shall notify the Contractor in writing who shall thereupon take such steps as are necessary, to expedite the progress of Works so as to ensure the same executed before the Completion D ate. 
 
 The Contractor shall not be entitled to any additional payments for taking steps, as a result of a notice given by the Engineer under Clause 9.3 . Moreover, if the Contractor considers that it shall be necessary to perform on locally recognized days of rest, he shall seek prior written consent of the Engineer for the said purpose. 
 
 If any steps, taken by the Contractor in meeting its obligations under this Agreement, incur additional costs on the Employer , such cost shall, at the sole discretion of the Engineer, be recoverable from the Contractor and shall be deducted by the Employer from any amount due to the Contractor under this Agreement and the Engineer shall notify the Parties of its decision in writing. 
 
 Pursuant to this Agreement and the obligations of the Contractor herein, the Employer shall grant the Contractor free and uninterrupted access to the Site at all times during the Term. 
 
 
 
 
 Subcontracting 
 
 Contractor agrees that it will not subcontract the entire Works to be performed under this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, the Contractor may acquire subcontractor services for parts of the Works to be conducted under this Agreement after obtaining prior written approval from the Engineer, provided that the Contractor shall at all times perform the substantial part of this Agreement himself and shall remain solely responsible for the performance of the Works hereunder including any Works that may have been subcontracted as per this Clause 9, which shall be subject to approval by the Engineer. 
 
 
 Termination 
 
 Without prejudice to any rights or remedies available to the Employer under this Agreement or otherwise, if the Contractor delays or suspends Works for a duration of seven (7) consecutive days, fails to rectify any defective Works, or performs Works in an unprofessional or otherwise improper manner, the Employer may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect without prior notice. 
 
 The Employer may terminate this Agreement, by sending a seven (7) days’ written notice, on Contractor's failure to perform the Works within the stipulated time, on account of delay not approved and other than as in Clause 3.2 . In case this Agreement is terminated under Clause 11.1 or 11.2 , in addition to any other remedies available to the Employer under this Agreement or the law, the Contractor’s machinery and surplus material present at the Site shall be possessed by the Employer and shall be used to compensate the losses incurred for the completion of any remaining Works. 
 
 Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving ten (10) days’ notice in writing to the other Party. Upon termination by either Party, the Engineer shall, at his sole and exclusive discretion, determine (a) the amount (if any) has been reasonably earned by or would reasonably accrue to the Contractor in respect of Works actually done by him under the Agreement at the time of such termination, and (b) The value of any of the said unused or partially used materials, equipment and/or temporary works. The Engineer’s decision shall be final and binding upon the Employer and the Contractor. 
 
 In case of termination of this Agreement under any circumstances whatsoever, the Contractor shall hand over vacant possession of Site along with all surplus material and machinery owned by Contractor, within one ( 0 1) day of such termination. 
 
 No termination pursuant to Clause 1 1 restricts the Employer to claim damages, compensations or any other right or interest to which it is entitled pursuant to this Agreement or under the law of the jurisdiction . 
 
 
 Indemnity 
 
 T he Contractor agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Employer, its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of or relate to breach of any representation or warranty of the Contractor as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfil, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer and its executives, directors, agents, and employees, against any and all losses , damages, fees, claims and charges (including any legal fees) in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person ; 
 
 Any damage to Existing Structure; 
 
 loss of or damage to any property (other than the Works), which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever in respect there in relation thereto ; and/or 
 
 unauthorised and unlawful disclosure of c onfidential i nformation or data shared by the Employer with the Contractor under this Agreement to any third party by a wrongful act, error or omission of the Contractor , except where such disclosure is required by order of court or operation of law 
 
 Latent Defects 
 
 In case if there is any latent defect caused in the Works, for which the Contractor was proven responsible, at any time before or after Defects Liability Period, but not later than one (01) after the lapse of Defects Liability Period, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable for removing any such defects in the Works and accordingly be liable for damage and loss caused suffered by the Employer due to such defects . 
 
 Force Majeure 
 
 Any delay in or failure of performance by either party of its obligations under this Agreement shall not constitute a breach or give rise to a claim of damages if and to the extent that it is caused by an occurrence or circumstances beyond the control of the Party, including but not limited to acts of God, natural disasters such as fire, hurricane, flood, earthquake, pandemics, strikes, lock outs, civil commotion, war, governmental or any public body action, or policy or any other cause that cannot be controlled by the Parties (" Force Majeure "). Affected Party shall inform the other through a written notice of such Force Majeure event within fifteen ( 15 ) days of its occurrence or their knowledge of its occurrence, even if imminent, whichever is earlier. 
 
 
 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
 
 The Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan, with the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to the Excavation Agreement will be resolved amicably between the Parties within five (5) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to arbitration, on the notice of either Party. Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940. The language of arbitration shall be English and the seat of arbitration shall be Lahore. The award of arbitration shall be final and binding on both the Parties. 
 
 Confidentiality 
 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, the Confidential Information means, inter alia , proprietary technical and business information of the Company, including but not limited to: ( i ) information in tangible or intangible form relating to released or unreleased products or services or the marketing or promotion thereof (including pricing), business policies or practices, financial condition, operations, facilities, equipment, software, procurement and/or purchasing requirements, customers (former, current, or potential), investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising data, or marketing methods and plans; (ii) patents and patent applications; (iii) techniques, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, processes, equipment, algorithms, and formulae related to current, future and/or proposed products and services, including information concerning research, development, design details and specifications; (d) information received from third parties that the Company is obligated to treat as confidential ; and (e) the terms and conditions of this Agreement including all its annexures and information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and performance of this Agreement and its annexures . 
 
 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable step s and must ensure that its employees, agents, officers, executives, representatives or contractors employed or hired by it, adequate ly protect the Confidential Information received from the Employer against theft, loss, damage, misplacement or leakage. The Contractor and its executives, officers, employees, representatives and agents shall not , without the prior written consent of the Employer, disclose any Confidential Information to any person or third except where such disclosure is required by order of court or operation of law. 
 
 This clause shall survive for a period of five (05) years after the termination and/or expiry of this Agreement. 
 
 Severability 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall substitute the affected provisions in such a way that to the maximum extent possible the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 
 Counterparts 
 
 The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CONTRACTOR 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of EMPLOYER 
 Mr. Muhammad Kashif Umer 
 
 Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan 
 CNIC No. 37405-9742301-9 
 
 Date: 23-06-2020 
 Date: 23-06-2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of EMPLOYER 
 Mr. Hasan Sheikh 
 Date: 23-06-2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSED BY: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: ______________________