DIGITAL MARKETING AGREEMENT 
 
 This Digital Marketing Agreement (“ Agreement ”) is made at Karachi on the [●] day of [●] , [●] 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at 3 rd floor, Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its CEO/ duly authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as the “ Zameen”, which expression shall mean and include, where the context so permits, its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns), of the FIRST PART; 
 
 AND 
 
 FAYSAL BANK LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, having its registered office at Faysal House, ST-02, Shahrah-e-Faisal, Karachi , acting through its duly authorized representative Mr. Talha Hameed hereinafter referred to as the “ Bank ”, which expression shall mean and include, where the context so permits, it’s successors-in-interest and permitted assigns), of the OTHER PART . 
 
 Zameen and the Bank , shall be referred to individually as “ Party ” and collectively as “ Parties ”. 
 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 Zameen is in the business of providing digital marketing solutions and o nline m arketplace s ervices , including inter alia adverti sing, marketing and IT-enabled s ervices, as well as an online marketplace providing related services; 
 
 The Bank is a financial institution offering various services to its customers ; and 
 
 The Bank is desirous of engaging Zameen’s Online Marketplace Services and Zameen is desirous of providing such services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows : 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Confidential Information means such information as either party may from time to time provide to the another party, in whatever form including without limitation in writing or orally, electronically or through physical documentation including but not limited to reports, leads, interpretations, forecasts, analyses, compilations, memoranda, concepts, designs, site maps, site surveys, location/site images and videos, feasibility reports, financial data and projections, and/or any other relating data, and all know-how, trade secrets, tactical, strategical, statistical, financial, commercial or technical information of any kind, directly or indirectly disclosed, before or after the signing of the Agreement by or on behalf of one Party to another Party or any of its authorised recipients, which contain or otherwise reflect in whole or in part any of the Confidential Information, whether in existence at the date of signing of this Agreement or which subsequently comes into existence including any copies, reproductions, duplicates or notes in any form whatsoever. 
 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form. 
 
 Online Marketplace means www.zameen.com &amp; www.olx.com.pk or other website (s) owned, operated and maintained by or on behalf of Zameen. 
 
 Online Marketplace Services means all services to be provided by Zameen during the Term of this Agreement, including advertising services, IT and IT-enabled services, and the online marketplace services, as more specifically described in Annexure A. 
 
 Marketing Material means artwork, photographs, data, product information, branding, advertising, marketing or promotional material or any such information and/or materials related to the Bank and the various financial facilities and services offered by the Bank . 
 
 Mature Lead means a Qualified Lead approved by the Bank for a loan and its disbursal ; 
 
 Qualified Lead has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3 . 1(b) ; 
 
 Service s Fee means the sum total of the Online Marketplace Services and the Loan Disbursement Fee due and payable to Zameen by the Bank , as stipulated in Clause 5.1 under this Agreement. 
 
 Term has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2. 1 . 
 
 TERM &amp; SCOPE 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective for a period of one (1) year , from [ ● ] to [ ● ] unless extended in accordance with Clause 2.4 below (the “ Term ”) . 
 
 The Bank hereby agrees to avail the Online Marketplace Services from Zameen and Zameen agrees to provide such services to the Bank during the Term in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement, along with all a nnexure s attached hereto and the terms of use of the Online Marketplace available at https://www.zameen.com/terms.html and https://help.olx.com.pk/hc/en-us/categories/360000044302-Legal-Privacy-information , shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties, and shall supersede and replace any prior written or oral understanding or communication between the Parties. 
 
 This Agreement shall not be amended , modified or revised except through the written consent of both Parties. 
 
 TERMS OF SERVICES 
 
 Zameen shall , subject to the Bank fulfilling its obligations under Clause 7 below, perform the Online Marketplace Services and online lead generation services as more fully described in Annexure A and Annexure B (“ Services ”) respectively , which inter alia include : 
 
 Setting up, placing, and publishing advertisements for product promotion for the Bank on the Online Marketplace ; 
 
 Generation of leads as per the criteria in Annexure B of this Agreement wherein the information of every lead shall be verified/screened by Zameen (“ Qualified Lead ”) and provided to the Bank for approval and grant of loan ; and 
 
 Provision of monthly reports to the Bank of all Services delivered and performed, as more fully detailed in Annexure A and Annexure B . 
 
 Zameen shall obtain the written approval of the Bank with respect to any layout, design, style or any other visual element with respect to the Marketing Material prior to the publication thereof in connection with the performance of the Online Marketplace Services. Provided that if no response is received from the Bank within three ( 3 ) working days of submission for approval by Zameen, the material or advertisement shall be deemed approved . 
 
 Zameen reserves the right, to decline to publish or to omit, suspend or change the placement of any Marketing Material from the Online Marketplace in the event that Zameen determines, at its sole discretion, that the Marketing Material breaches any applicable laws, infringes the rights of any third party (including inter alia I ntellectual P roperty rights), is prejudicial or detrimental to the interest of Zameen and/ or its business. 
 
 Zameen reserves the right to change, modify or alter the Online Marketplace design, structure, and layout without any written consent or notice to the Bank. 
 
 NOTICE OF MODIFICATIONS 
 
 In the event that the Bank desires any modifications/amendments to the Marketing Material of the Bank ’s financial products on the Online Marketplace, the Bank shall submit a written request to Zameen by emailing at muhammad.hasan@zameen.com in relation thereto at least seven (7) working days prior to the date on which the Bank desires the change to be affected. Zameen will endeavor to incorporate the modifications requested without unreasonable delay. For the avoidance of doubt, the number of requests for modification and/ or amendment in the Marketing Material under this Clause 4 .1 shall only be entertained by Zameen twice during the Term of this Agreement. 
 
 SERVICE FEE 
 
 As consideration for the performance of Online Marketplace Services, Zameen shall be entitled to, and the Bank shall be liable to pay to Zameen, 
 
 a sum of Rs. 4,200,000 (Rupees four million two hundred thousand ) exclusive of tax (the “ Online Marketplace Fee ”) during the Term of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 5.2 below ; and 
 
 pay loan disbursement fee for conversion of leads by the Bank in the manner prescribed in Clause 5,3 (the “ Loan Disbursement Fee ”) . 
 
 The Online Marketplace Fee and the Loan Disbursement Fee shall hereinafter be referred to as the “ Service s Fee ” , attached hereto a s Annexure C . 
 
 The Bank shall pay to Zameen in clear funds , the Online Marketplace Fee in six (6) equal instalments in the following manner: 
 
 first instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs. 350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand ) shall be paid in advance at the time of signing of this Agreement to Zameen vide cheque no. [ ● ] dated [ ● ] (the “ Advance Instalment ”) , r eceipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged by the Bank , and a copy of the aforementioned cheque is attached hereto as Annexure D ; 
 
 second instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs. 350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand ) shall be paid in advance on or before [ ● ] (the “ Second Instalment ”) to Zameen ; 
 
 third instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs. 350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand ) shall be paid in advance on or before [ ● ] (the “ Third Instalment ”) to Zameen ; 
 
 fourth instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs. 350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand ) shall be paid in advance on or before [ ● ] (the “ Fourth Instalment ”) to Zameen ; 
 
 f ifth instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs.350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand) shall be paid in advance on or before [ ● ] (the “ F ifth Instalment ”) to Zameen; and 
 
 sixth instalment amounting to a sum equal of Rs.350,000 (Rupees three hundred and fifty thousand) shall be paid in advance on or before [ ● ] (the “ F inal Instalment ”) to Zameen . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Advance Instalment, Second Instalment, Third Instalment, Fourth Instalment, Fifth Instalment and Final Instalment shall together constitute as the total Online Marketplace Fee due to be paid by the Customer to Zameen in accordance with this Clause 5.2, under this Agreement . 
 
 The Bank shall be liable to pay to Zameen in clear funds zero point five percent (0.5%) of the loan amount as Loan Disbursement Fee, with respect to e very Mature Lead within one (1) month from date of disbursal of such loan amount. 
 
 Zameen shall invoice the Bank for Service s Fee from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the annexures hereto. 
 
 The Bank shall clear every payment no later than five (5) w orking d ays from the date of applicable invoice. Any delay in payment may result in suspension of Services, until such time as all outstanding payments or invoices are cleared. 
 
 Any delay in payment may result in suspension of Online Marketplace Services, until such time as all outstanding payment(s) or invoice(s) are cleared. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement, the Service s Fee is non- refundable and non - adjustable. 
 
 Service s Fee shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicable taxes in accordance with law. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The Bank shall: 
 
 assist, cooperate with and facilitate Zameen as and when required for perform ance of Online Marketplace Services hereunder; 
 
 provide any and all Marketing Material, including any modifications or amendments thereto, necessary for the performance of Online Marketplace Services , during the Term. The Bank acknowledges that a ny delay by the Bank under this Clause 6.1 may result in a delay in delivery of the Online Marketplace Services for which Zameen shall not be responsible. 
 
 m ake timely payments of Service s Fee due to Zameen as and when due under this Agreement . 
 
 notify Zameen of any changes to its procedures affecting the performance of Online Marketplace Services under this Agreement at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to implementation of such changes . 
 
 p rovide contact details to Zameen of the Bank’s designated personnel authorized as points of contact to receive Qualified L ead ( s ) from Zameen under this Agreement , the same shall be updated in writing to Zameen if any change occurred. Bank shall ensure that such contact details are routinely updated and accordingly conveyed to Zameen in writing in case of any change therein. 
 
 i mplement standard operating procedures for lead conversion, including inter alia the Bank’s designated representative calling the Qualified L ead (s) and initiating the login process, to be strictly followed by the Bank upon receipt of leads generated through performance of digital Services by Zameen. 
 
 e nsure that in order to obtain the B ank ’s loan facility, the Qualified L ead s’ loan application is processed by the Bank, in a timely manner. The decision to approve or refuse a loan, or to login or reject a case even prior to the login rests entirely with the Bank. 
 
 e nsure that Zameen receives a fortnightly report of the Mature Leads as well as all other leads, regardless of the source, whose loan applications have been approved and disbursed by the Bank. 
 
 The Bank confirms that it shall at all times be the sole responsibility of the Bank to ensure the accuracy of any and all Marketing Material published and transmitted in connection with this Agreement and performance of obligations hereunder. 
 
 Zameen shall: 
 
 e nsure that Online Marketplace Services are performed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement . 
 
 e nsure that leads are qualified in accordance with Annexure B of this Agreement . 
 
 e nsure that Q ualified L eads are forwarded to the designated/authorized personnel of the Bank in a timely manner . 
 
 offer discounted services to any leads shared by the Bank under Clause 6.1(h). 
 
 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 The Bank undertak es , represents and warrants to Zameen that : 
 
 The Bank has and will continue to have all necessary rights, licences, permissions and consents in and to all finance facilities and any other products advertised in connection with this Agreement, along with all related technology , domains, mobile applications, and will not infringe any patent, copyright, trade mark, trade secret or other I ntellectual P roperty or proprietary right of any person ; 
 
 the Bank has the right, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this agreement (including any ancillary documents relating to this agreement) and no further consents, approvals or authorisations are required in connection therewith; 
 
 the reproduction and/ or p ublication of the Marketing Material wi ll not breach any agreement or infringe or violate any copyright, trademark , or any oth er personal or property rights of any person(s) ; 
 
 any information supplied by the Bank in connection with the provision of the O nline Marketplace Services is accurate, complete and true in all respects; 
 
 i n respect of any M arketing Material which contains the name or pictorial representation (photographic or otherwise) of any living person (s) and/ or any part of any living person (s) and/or any copy by which any living person (s) is or can be identified, the B ank has ob tained the authority of such living person (s) to make use of such name, representation and/or copy; 
 
 the Marketing Material complies with the requirements of all relevant legislation including, the rules of statutory regulatory authorit ies and any laws or regulations for the time being in force or which may be applicable in such jurisdiction as the promotion and marketing material shall be made available ; 
 
 Marketing Material shall not contain any data, image or other material which: 
 
 is offensive, obscene or indecent, or is capable of being resolved into obscene or indecent images or material; 
 
 is defamatory, sexist, threatening or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; 
 
 is designed or likely to cause annoyance, inconvenience, unwanted attention or needless anxiety to any other person; 
 
 is design to or is likely to cause disruption to any computer system or to any network; 
 
 is illegal or is likely to induce an illegal act; and 
 
 does not constitute false advertising, solicit unlawful behaviour, or violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations, including inter alia the terms of use of the Online Marketplace . 
 
 Zameen hereby warrants and represents that it owns and operates the Online Marketplace which is configured to and capable of meeting Zameen’s obligations as to performance of Online Marketplace Services under this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen shall bear any and all costs of supplying, updating, owning and operating the Online Marketplace. 
 
 Zameen shall use reasonable commercial efforts to maintain the availability of the Online Marketplace at all times. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time , by giving [ ● ] days’ notice in writing to the other Party. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, i n the event of a breach of obligation, representation or warranty, either Party may give [ ● ] days’ notice in writing to the other Party to remedy such breach of obligation, representation or warranty within seven (7) days from the date of notice . In case of failure of the other Party to remedy such breach within seven (7) days from the date of such notice, the Party shall be entitle d to terminate this Agreement forthwith. 
 
 The Bank shall clear all outstanding invoices within seven (7) days of the expiry or termination of this Agreement . 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 Zameen shall not be responsible or liable for any loss (es) , damage (s) or claim(s) , including without limitation, arising from or in connection with any of the products, financial facilities , the Marketing Material and /or services offered by the Bank . 
 
 The Bank shall not be liable for any misrepresentation, mistake and/or negligence on the part of Zameen, its directors, officers and employees. Irrespective of the number or basis of the claim(s), in relation thereto, Zameen’s maximum aggregate liability to the Bank, under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss (or any other loss), whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort, shall not exceed a sum equal in value to the amount already paid to Zameen in terms of Online Marketplace Fee by the Bank in relation to which such claim arises . 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 The Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless Zameen, its executives, officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents and representatives from and against any claims arising from acts or omissions, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Bank and/or its products with respect to which the Online Marketplace Services are to be performed , breach of any of its obligations, agreements, or duties under this Agreement, or for any other reason whatsoever, and Zameen shall not be liable to pay any penalty that may be imposed in respect thereof or bear any costs in association with aforesaid act or omission of the Bank . 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Both Parties hereby undertake and agree that they shall, at all times, keep the other Party’s Confidential Information confidential, including the contents of this Agreement, except as and to the extent necessary to disclose under compulsion of law. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 The Bank hereby permits Zameen to use publish and reproduce the Bank’s name, logo, trademarks and brands to the extent necessary for the performance of the Online Marketplace Services . 
 
 Each Party further acknowledges that the trademarks, brand names, trade names, trade dress, copyright and/or any other I ntellectual P roperty of the other Party shall remain the exclusive property of that Party and agree not to challenge the proprietary rights of such Party therein or their registration now or in future. 
 
 Nothing contained herein shall constitute or be deemed to constitute the grant of a licence to, right, title or interest in the Intellectual Property of either Party to the other Party and shall remain exclusive property of the respective Party. 
 
 NOTIC ES 
 
 All notices, communications, or any other documents required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall, unless otherwise provided by this Agreement, be in writing and shall be sufficiently given three (3) w orking d ays if delivered by registered post or forty-eight (48) hours if given by e-mail to the following addresses: 
 
 Bank 
 Attention: [●] 
 Designation: [●] 
 E-mail: [●] 
 Address: [●] 
 
 Zameen 
 Attention of: Legal Department 
 E-mail: legal@zameen.com 
 Address: 3 rd Floor, Pearl One 94-B/I , 
 M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore 
 
 or to such other address or telephone or facsimile number as may from time to time by written notice be designated by the relevant Party to the other Party. 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 
 Any dispute under or arising out of this Agreement shall, if not resolved within fifteen (15) days of so arising, be referred to arbitration, on the notice of either Party . Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940. The language of arbitration shall be English and the seat of arbitration shall be Lahore. The award of arbitration shall be final and binding on both the Parties. 
 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pakistan. 
 
 INTERPRETATION 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 Reference to ‘written’ or ‘writing’ means any hand-written, typewritten, email or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission , unless otherwise specified; 
 
 A reference to a Clause or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 The word “person” includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority; 
 
 A reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors, nominees and assigns; 
 
 If a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 A reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending 24 hours later; 
 
 A reference to a working day shall mean any day from Monday to Friday between 9am and 6pm. 
 
 A reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 If any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a b usiness or working d ay, being a day (other than a Sunday or public h oliday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore, Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business or working d ay . 
 
 GENERAL CLAUSES 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations hereunder. 
 
 Time is the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall substitute the affected provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible, the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 This Agreement shall i nure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their successors-in-interest and permitted assigns. 
 
 Any correspondence with respect to a pproval s or modification/alteration of the Marketing Material under this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be sufficient if communicated via e-mail . 
 
 The provisions relating to definitions, l iability, C onfidential I nformation, I ntellectual P roperty and i ndemnity shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or deemed to create any association, partnership or joint venture , principal-agent or employer-employee relationship in any manner whatsoever between the P arties. 
 
 This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties above named has executed this Agreement on the day, month and year first above written. 
 
 
 SIGNATORIES: 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of the Bank 
 
 
 For and on behalf of the Zameen 
 Mr. Talha Hameed 
 [ ● ] 
 
 [ ● ] 
 [ ● ] 
 
 
 
 WITNESSES : 
 
 
 
 
 (1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (2) 
 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 ONLINE MARKETPLACE SERVICES 
 
 
 Services &amp; Products 
 Description 
 
 
 
 Zameen Products 
   
 
 Partner Page 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Faysal Bank’s brand page on Zameen's website for Viewership 
 
 Featured Partner’s Logo 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Bank’s logo will be visible in Partner page section 
 
 Brand Catalogue 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Complete product catalogue will remain visible to brand page for Visitors 
 
 Brand Gallery 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Extensive brand visibility on partner section home page for incoming audience 
 
 Leader Board Impressions 
 20,000/Month 
 
 
 Extensive visibility of Bank’s Ads with product features on Website 
 
 Website Footer Logo 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Bank’s logo will be included in the footer of the Website of the Zameen.com 
 
 Calculator Branding 
 12 Months 
 
 
 Bank’s Mortgage Calculator under all active listings 
 
 Wallpaper Takeover (Location wise) 
 06 i n 12 Months 
 
 
 Location wallpapers (website Skin) displays Bank’s advertising material on locations page of Zameen.com. It is perfect for branding, promotion and lead generation . 
 
 Splash Ads 
 20,000/Month 
 
 
 Extensive visibility of Bank’s Ads with product features on Website 
 
 National Visibility 
 National Events 
 
 
 Branded standees of the Customer will be placed at all events held by Zameen across the Country during this Term of the Agreement. 
 
 Blog 
 06 Blogs in 12 Months 
 
 
   
 
 OLX Products 
   
 
 Billboard Impressions 
 125,000 impressions 
 
 
 Targetted impressions will be served on home page, Listing page view and ad detail page on desktop and app 
 
 Video Impressions 
 10,000 impressions 
 
 
 Targetted video impressions will be served on home page, Listing page view and ad detail page on app 
 
 Newsletter Logo 
 6 in a year 
 
 
 Logo of Faysal Bank in newsletters of OLX 
 
 Push Notification 
 2 in a year 
 
 
 Push notification will be sent to whole userbase of OLX 
 
 Qualified Leads 
 Leads 
 
 
 Sales leads will be shared with Bank’s designated team 
 
 Google Display Campaign 
 Marketing campaign to engage Zameen’s highly targeted audience through google 
 
 Facebook Campaign 
 Marketing campaign to engage Zameen’s highly targeted audience on this digital platform. 
 
 Marketing Fee (PKR) 
 PKR 4 , 200,000 (annually) 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE B 
 ONLINE LEAD GENERATION SERVICES 
 
 Services 
 Description 
 Online lead generation 
 12 Months 
 Monthly leads approximately shall be generated online through performance of Zameen’s digital marketing Services in Schedule I 
 Initial screening of online leads 
 12 Months 
 Initial screening of online leads shall be made by Zameen 
 Qualified leads for conversion 
 12 Months 
 Qualified leads shall be generated online through performance of Zameen’s digital marketing Services in Schedule I 
 Exclusivity 
 Per lead 
 An online lead shall be exclusively provided to the Bank for a period of 15 days. If no feedback is received from the Bank in such period, Zameen may share the lead with any third party. 
 Loan Disbursement Fee (per converted lead) 
 Per lead 
 0.5% on Total Loan Amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE C 
 SERVICES FEE 
 
 Service s Fee 
 Online Marketplace Fee 
 (annual) 
 Rs. 4,200,000 (Rupees four million two hundred thousand ) exclusive of tax 
 Loan Disbursement Fee 
 ( per Mature Lead ) 
 zero-point five percent (0.5%) of the loan amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE D 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT