200025 60325 Create Your Affiliate Account: 
 By creating your affiliate account, (the “ Affiliate Account ”) ( here ) , you confirm that y ou have reviewed, understood, acknowledged and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, set forth herein. 
 Read Affiliate Agreement here 
 
 0 0 Create Your Affiliate Account: 
 By creating your affiliate account, (the “ Affiliate Account ”) ( here ) , you confirm that y ou have reviewed, understood, acknowledged and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement, set forth herein. 
 Read Affiliate Agreement here 
 
 
 Affiliate Agreement 
 
 Please read this Affiliate Agreement (the “ Agreement ”) carefully, as it represents the complete and exclusive agreement and understanding between Zameen Media (Private) Limited (the “ Company ”, “We”, or “Us ”) and the individual/agency /affiliate /broker/entity (the “ You ” ) , whose participation in the Company’s online affiliate network program (the “ Affiliate Network ”) has been duly accepted. 
 SCOPE 
 
 The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall only be effective subject to Company’s confirmation of your participation in the Affiliate Network, in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Through this Agreement, You wish to market and sell , and the Company agrees to auth orise You to market and sell the inventory of various real estate projects (the “ Inventory ”), as listed on www.proprforce .com (the “ Propforce ”), on behalf of the Company, for a percentage of the value of sales as pre-determined by the Company (“ Commission ”), strictly on the terms a nd conditions as stipulated here in . 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You shall have non-exclusive marketing and selling rights of the Inventory. 
 
 This Agreement is not intended, nor should anything herein or any of the arrangements contemplated herein, be construed to create a joint venture or the relationship of partners, partnership or principal or agent between You and the Company. 
 
 Company reserves the right to update and change the terms and conditions of this Agreement, fr om time to time, without notice. Your continued use of the Affiliate Network constitute your consent to such changes. 
 
 TERM 
 
 The term of this Agreement shall be for an indefinite period of time unless terminated by either of the Parties, in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 AFFILIATE ACCOUNT 
 
 Your application for participation in the Affiliate Network, merely does not mean that you are authorised to market and/or sell the Inventory . The Company shall first review your application and notify you of your acceptance or rejection in the Affiliate Network within 4 working days of receiving of your app lication. If for any reason, You are not notified of your status to participate in the Affiliate Network with in 8 working days, your application shall be considered as rejected. 
 
 You shall create a password so that you may enter into a secure Affiliate Account interface. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to terminate your Affiliate Account at any time and forfeit any of your outstanding commissions , without notice, for any conduct that is in breach of this Agreement or for any conduct which the Company believes is harmful to its business, or for conduct, where your use of the Affiliate Network is harmful to any other party. 
 
 MARKETING AND SELLING RIGHTS: 
 
 Once the Company confirms that you are authorised to participate in the Affiliate Network, in accordance with Clause 3(i) of the Agreement, You thereby agree to market and sell the Inventory, accessible through your Affiliate Account, against Commission as predetermined by the Company, strictly in accordance with this Agreement; 
 
 Company shall make available to You certain advertisements, and/or other graphic textual material for display and use of the Inventory of the Company (the “ Promotional Material ”). Affiliate shall display the Promotional Material on different print and social media, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall conform to the following terms, conditions and specifications: 
 
 Affiliate may not use any graphic, textual or other materials to promote Company’s Inventory, other than the Promotional Material provided by the Company, unless Company approved such other materials in writing prior to the display. 
 
 Affiliate may only use the Promotional Material for the purpose of marketing and selling the Inventory of the Company. 
 
 Affiliate will not alter, add to, subtract from, or otherwise modify the Promotional Material provided by the Company. 
 
 If for any reason You do not want to use the Promotional Material as provided to You by the Company, You may only market or advertise any unit in the Inventory, subject to Company’s express prior approval in writing with respect to any such marketing strategy and campaign. 
 
 Provided that no such marketing strategy or campaign shall be approved unless it meets Z criteria including but not limited to meeting the following conditions: 
 
 Any and all advertisements shall include the words “authorised affiliate/dealer/agency/agent of Zameen.com”; and 
 
 Any and all advertisements shall clearly state that the concerned Project is “exclusively marketed by Zameen.com”. 
 
 
 
 
 
 COMMISSIONS ACCESSIBLITY: 
 
 The Commission for securing a sale of any of the units of the Inventory in any real estate project offered by the Company (“ Project ”) shall vary with each Project as stipulated in the section pertaining to commissions determined by the Company (the “ Commissions ”), accessible through your Af filiate Account on Propforce. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to change, amend, modify, suspend, renew or terminate all or any part of the Commission at any point in time, any number of times and without prior notice. The Commission valid at the time of receipt of complete down-payment shall be applicable for calculation of Commission , subject to Clause 5 of this Agreement. 
 
 ELIGIBILITY FOR COMMISSIONS 
 
 The Affiliate shall be eligible for Commission only upon: 
 
 deposit of complete and valid token payment in accordance with Clause 9 ; 
 deposit of complete and valid down-payment from the Buyer whether deposited in piecemeal or one lump sum, in accordance with Clause 10 ; 
 signing of agreement to sell between Buyer and the Developer in accordance with Clause 10 . 
 
 Affiliate shall not be entitle d to Commission in the event of: 
 
 a breach of any terms and conditions of this Agreement and applicable Commissions; and ; 
 a sale under this Agreement to a Buyer who is a pre-existing lead in Company’s internal lead management system (see Clause 5 below). 
 
 LEAD GEN E RATION AND UPLOADING 
 
 Affiliate shall generate leads or potential buyers for any Project and, subject to the terms of this Agreement, may be eligible for Commission whenever any such lead matures into a Buyer of any unit in any Inventory of any Project at any time. Any lead or potential buyer generated by the Affiliate and reported to Company shall be entered into Propforce by the Affiliate, as a permanent lead of the Affiliate. 
 
 It shall be the responsibility of the Affiliate to upload all necessary information of lead which matures into a Buyer on Propforce, in the form stipulated by the Company, which may inter alia include name, contact number, e-mail, date the lead will or is expected to mature and status of negotiations with the lead. 
 
 Any lead generated by an Affiliate will be recorded on a first-come-first-served basis and shall permanently remain linked to the reporting affiliate, who will be entitled to Commission whenever such lead matures into a Buyer at any point in time, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 COLLECTION OF PAYMENT FROM BUYERS 
 
 Any payment collected by the Affiliate from a Buyer shall be in the form of a crossed cheque or pay order , cash, online transfer in the name of the concerned Developer of the Project, as indicated by the Developer , which cheque or pay order shall be deposited with the Company , who will receive it on behalf of the Developer. For avoidance of doubt, cash payments or payments directly to the Developer are strictly prohibited, and shall not be accepted by the Company as a valid sale by the Affiliate for the purpose of Commission under this Agreement . 
 
 Upon receipt of any valid payment under Clause 9 and 10 , Company shall deposit it with the Developer who will issue a receipt acknowledging the same, a copy whereof shall be shared by the Company with the Affiliate. 
 
 TOKEN PAYMENT 
 
 The Affiliate through her/his Affiliate Account, can reserve upto a total number of 5 (five) units of the Inventory (the “ Reserved Units ”) per day, for only six (6) consecutive hours (the “ Reserved Hours ”). During the Reserved Hours, the Affiliate shall be responsible to obtain token money in the form of a cheque , cash or pay order (the “ Token Payment ”), from buyer of a unit in any Inventory of any Project (“ Buyer ”), against the Reserved Units in favour of the developer of the Project (the “ Developer ”), or as otherwise notified i n writing by the Company to You. 
 
 Subject to Clause 6 (i ) of the Agreement, the Affiliate shall immediately upload the scanned i n strument of Token Payment on Propforce and submit such bank i nstrument no later than 3 (three) days to the business development associate (the “ BDA ”), assigned to You by the Company, at the time of your confirmation of acceptance to the Affiliate Network. 
 
 DOWN PAYMENT AND AGREEMENT TO SELL 
 
 Down-payment shall be submitted directly to the Company in the form of a cheque or pay order from a Buyer in favour of the Developer and at the same time Affiliate shall ensure that agreement to sell is signed between the Developer and the Customer (the “ Agreement to Sell ”) ; 
 
 Subject to Clause 10( i) above, Company shall, within thirty (30) days of receipt of the complete and valid down-payment from the Affiliate and A greement to S ell between the Buyer and the Developer, in accordance with the applicable Commissions and the terms hereof, disburse the relevant Commission amount to the Affiliate withholding all applicable taxes as per applicable withholding tax rates card for filers and non-filers. 
 
 Affiliate understands that tax rates are subject to revision as per relevant federal or provincial government policies. 
 
 LIMITED PERMISSION T O USE THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 Upon acceptance to the Affili ate Program, Company grants You a revocable, non-exclusive permission to use the promotional material provided by the Company (the “ Promotional Material ”) during the term of this Agreement. You may display such promotional material on [●] for the sole purpose of participation in the Affiliate Network. You are however, prohibited from distributing, reproducing, modifying, amending, or creating derivate works of the Promotional Material. 
 
 Upon deletion of your Affiliate Account either by yourself or by the Company, your limited access to any of the Promotional Material for the purpose of marketing and selling the Inventory offered through the Affiliate Network will cease as of immediately. 
 
 You shall not be in any way granted to use the Company’s intellectual property or proprietary information, other than the Promotional Material, as mentioned in points (i) and (ii) above. 
 
 
 AFFILIATES OBLIGATIONS &amp; WARRANTIES 
 
 Affiliate shall ensure transparency and visibility to the Company with respect to any Buyer or lead, and all records and information in relation thereto shall be made available to the Company by the Affiliate on the Propforce immediately upon the occurrence of each event. 
 
 Affiliate shall work in collaboration with the Company at all times, building a good faith relationship of mutual trust and understanding, and work harmoniously with the Company’s appointed personnel / BDA on leads and sales. 
 
 Affiliate is strictly prohibited from making any payment directly to the Developer under any circumstances. Any such payment shall be invalid, no sale shall be affected in lieu thereof and Affiliate shall not be eligible for any Commission in relation thereto. 
 
 Affiliate warrants that Affiliate shall not, during or after termination of this Agreement , engage in conduct or make any representation that injures, harms, corrupts, demeans, disparages, defames, destroys or diminishes, or would reasonably be expected so to do, in any way the reputation or goodwill of the Company , its directors, officers, employees and agents. 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Affiliate shall keep confidential any information provided to the Affiliate, its employees , agents or contractors by the Company , its employees, agents or contractors under or pursuant to this Agreement or during the course of any activities conducted or performed in relation to this Agreement , including but not limited to Buyer information, Project details, media planning and marketing strategy, advertising campaigns, trademarks, logos, designs, promotional activities, and any other proprietary technical or business information, whether shared or exchanged orally, electronically or in writing (“ Confidential Information ”), unless expressly authorised by the Company in writing or required under the law. The obligations under this Clause 13 shall survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement, and continue to remain in force. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 Either Party may unilaterally terminate this Agreement at any time. 
 Any violation of the terms hereof or the applicable Commissions shall result in the im mediate termination of this Agreement. 
 What happens to the leads once the affiliate is terminated? Lead as an proprietry information shall not be shared. Or may dormant 
 
 NO OBLIGATION AND THIRD PARTY RIGHTS 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create any rights, obligations or benefits for any person or entity, and this Agreement shall inure exclusively to the benefit of the Affiliate strictly in accordance with the terms and understandings herein. 
 
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a grant of licence to use Company’s brand name, logo(s) or trademarks, which shall remain the exclusive property of the Company . 
 
 This Agreement shall not be construed as an offer of employment, or a commitment to the Affiliate of funding of any sort by or on behalf of the Company , and Company is not obliged to enter into any other commitment with the Affilia te outside the scope of this Agreement . 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective as on the date of execution of the same by the Affiliate, and shall remain in effect until modified or terminated. 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 
 You agree that You are an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between You and the Company. You will have no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on Our behalf. You will not make any statement, whether on your site, social media or any other platform which You use for marketin g the in ventory of the Company, that would directly or indirectly conflict anything un this section. 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Pakistan. 
 
 You many not amend or waive any provisi on of this Agreement unless in writing and signed by both the parties. 
 
 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between us and You and shall supersede all prior agreements and communications of the parties, oral or written. 
 
 The headings and titles contained in this Agreement are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary such that the intent of the parties is effectuated, and the remainder of this Agreement shall have full force and effect.