Agreement for Supply of Ready-Mix Concrete 
 This Agreement for the supply of ready-mix concrete (hereinafter referred to as the " Agreement ”) is made and entered into on this [●] day of [●], 2020 at [●] by and between: 
 
 [●], having its registered office at [●] through its duly authorized representative Mr. [●], son of [●], holder of CNIC No. [●] (hereinafter called the " Purchaser ") 
 
 AND 
 
 [●], having its registered office at [●] through its duly authorized representative [●], son of [●], holder of CNIC No. [●], resident of [●] (hereinafter called the " Supplier "). 
 
 (The Purchaser and the Supplier shall hereinafter be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties” ). 
 RECITALS 
 Whereas: 
 The Purchaser is undertaking the development of the real estate Project ( defined below ), including construction thereof, at the Site ( defined below ); 
 
 The Supplier has represented to the Purchaser that the Supplier is engaged in the business of and has substantial training and experience in the making, mixing, transport, supply and delivery of ready-mix concrete required for the construction of the Project; and 
 
 Based on the representations and warranties by the Supplier, the Purchaser is desirous of purchasing ready-mix concrete from the Supplier and the Supplier is deirous of supplying and delivering the ready-mix concrete to the Purchaser as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Purchaser and Supplier agree as follows: 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “Acceptance of Material” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 7 .1 . 
 
 “Agreement” means this Agreement executed by and between the Purchaser and the Supplier as more fully described in C lause 14.11 . 
 
 “ Approved Design Mix ” means the design mix approved by the Purchaser and Design Structure Engineer attached as Annexure D as amended, modified and changed from time to time. 
 
 “ ASTM ” means American Society of Testing and Materials. 
 
 “ Delivery of Material ” means the physical delivery of the Material by the Supplier at the Site in pursuance of the applicable Purchase Order . 
 
 “ Delivery Note ” means the delivery note signed by the Purchaser or its authorized representative upon the Delivery of Material on Site by the Supplier in accordance with Clause 6.3. 
 
 Effective Date means [•]. 
 
 “ Material ” means the ready-mix concrete to be mixed, supplied, transported and delivered by the Supplier to the Purchaser in such quantities and composition and of such quality and strength as required by the Purchaser under this Agreement and as specified in the Purchase Order ( specified in more detail in Annexure C ) . 
 
 “ Project ” means the real estate project named and styled as [●] located at the Site. 
 
 “Purchaser ” means [●] , or where the context so permits its duly authorized representative including, inter alia , the Structure Design Engineer ; 
 
 “ Purchase Order ” means the purchase order form of the Purchaser attached as Appendix C of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Site ” means [ ● ]. 
 
 “Term ” means the duration of the Agreement as contained in Clause 3. 
 
 Scope – General 
 
 The Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Supplier and the Supplier agrees to mix, transport, supply and deliver to the Purchaser the Material and perform and carry out all such ancillary acts and tasks as required and necessary thereto. 
 
 In addition, the Supplier shall also ensure the availability of the labour and equipment including the pouring pumps required by the Purchaser and will pour the Material on the Site at the time of delivery as and when required by the Purchaser on such rates as specified in Annexure E. 
 
 The Supplier shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the intended purpose and in accordance with timelines provided in the Purchase Order. The Supplier’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency(ies). 
 
 
 The Purchaser is relying upon the expertise of the Supplier to perform its obligations in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and the Supplier acknowledges the Purchaser’s reliance upon the expertise of the Supplier as set forth herein. 
 
 The Supplier’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Supplier, or is implied by this Agreement, and all works which (although not mentioned in this Agreement) are necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper operation, of the Project , so as to achieve the intended purpose of the Material . 
 
 Term 
 
 T his Agreement shall be effective for a period of [●] months starting from [the date at which the first order was given] the (“ Term ”). The Parties may renew or extend the Agreement on such terms and conditions as mutually agreed by both Parties. 
 
 P urchase Order 
 
 The Purchaser shall place the order for Material on a [•] basis through a Purchase Order specifying therein , inter alia , the following: 
 
 date and time for delivery ; 
 the quantity and the strength per square inch ( PSI ) strength ; 
 technical specifications of the Material including but not limited to temperature, composition, manufacturer ; 
 Unit Price of the Material ; and 
 any other requirements. 
 
 Structure Design Engineer 
 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, t he Structure Design Engineer shall carry out the following duties and roles : 
 
 Structural designing , plans and layouts ; 
 Analysis of structure; 
 Selection of building materials best suited for the structure; 
 Make, approve and amend the design mix; 
 Inspection of materials; 
 Attendance and inspection of test facilities to carry out technical quality control and management activities; 
 Approve test analysis and reports; 
 Cost estimations; 
 Any other duty and role as delegated by the Purchaser from time to time . 
 5.2 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement, the Structure Design Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Supplier of any of his obligations under the Agreement. 
 
 Material Specifications &amp; Testing 
 
 The Supplier shall supply the Material to the Purchaser in accordance with the relevant Purchase Order issued by the Purchaser in terms of this Agreement , strictly in accordance with the quality standards and tests specified in Annexure A of this Agreement . 
 
 The Purchaser reserves the right to take, request and test samples of any one or more of the components of the Material and in this regard, the Supplier shall be obligated to provide with such test samples as may be requested by the Purchaser . 
 
 If required or requested by the Purchaser , the Supplier shall submit, at his own cost, samples of all components including sand, cement, crush, aggregates, etc. (even if brand, manufacturer or supplier identified) . 
 
 The Supplier shall only procure the components and raw materials comprising the Material from manufacturers , brands and/or suppliers and in such ratios and quantities as provided in Annexure D (“ Approved Design Mix ”) or such other manufacturers and/or ratios that may be specified by the S tructure D esign E ngineer in writing from time to time . The Purchaser reserves the right to change, modify and amend the Approved Design Mix from time to time and any such amendment or change shall be notified to the Supplier in writing prior to placement of new order. 
 
 Prior to and at the time of delivery of the Material, the Purchaser shall have the right to conduct quality control test s and analysis of the raw materials and /or the Material as set out in Annexure A to ensure compliance of the Material with specifications and requirements of the Purchaser. 
 
 All tests and/or analysis under this Agreement, be conducted by the Purchaser, using its own testing plant/ machinery /personnel , and all reports shall be considered final and binding . However, if any additional test and/or analysis is conducted at the Supplier’s request, University of Engineering &amp; Technology [ Location ] will be considered as the independent and final testing authority. All such additional tests and analysis at the Supplier’s request shall be done at the cost and expense of the Supplier. 
 
 Delivery of Material on Site 
 
 The Supplier shall deliver the Material to the Site on the date specified by the Purchaser in the relevant Purchase Order, at such time as may be specified by the Purchaser prior to delivery . 
 
 In the event that the Supplier cannot deliver the Material on the date and time specified by the Purchaser for any reason whats oe ver , the Supplier shall promptly notify the Purchaser. Notwithstanding such notice, unless a substitute delivery date or time for the delivery is expressly agreed by the Purchaser in writing, the Supplier’s failure to deliver the Materials on the date specified in the applicable Purchase Order shall entitle the Purchaser to liquidated damages under Clause [●] . 
 
 At the time of D elivery of Material, a D elivery N ote must be signed by the Purchaser or its authorized representative on Site to evidence and record the date and time of delivery, the quantity supplied and any other relevant details. In the event that the Material is rejected by the Purchaser at the time of delivery, no Delivery Note shall be signed by the Purchaser. 
 
 In the event the Material is not delivered to the Purchaser in terms of this Agreement, then, without limiting any other right the Purchaser may have, Purchaser may at its option: 
 
 (a) refuse / reject to take any subsequent delivery of the Material; 
 
 (b) terminate this Agreement with immediate effect; 
 
 (c) obtain substitute material from another supplier and recover from the Supplier any costs and expenses incurred by the Purchaser in obtaining such substitute material . 
 
 Acceptance of Delivery 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in the Agreement, for the purposes of this Agreement, the delivery of the Material shall not be deemed accepted until the Purchaser has satisfied itself and confirmed in writing that the Material is in accordance with the relevant Purchase Order , quality standards in terms of this Agreement and tests specified in Annexure A (“ Acceptance of Material ”). 
 
 In case the Material is rejected, the Supplier shall dispose of any such rejected Material at its own risk and cost and if so required by the Purchaser, the Supplier shall be liable to arrange replacement of such defective batch of the Material, within [●] ([●]) [days] of being informed of such defect. Further, the Purchaser further reserves the right to claim compensation from the Supplier under this Agreement if the Material is defective. 
 
 In case the Material fails the PSI strength test, the Purchaser shall inform the Supplier of the rejection of Material and the Supplier may, at his own cost and expense, reverify or retest the Material from any one of the following labs: 
 
 University of Engineering and Technology (Lahore); 
 Technology Upgradation and Skill Development Company (TUSDEC); and 
 Pakistan Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (PCSIR) (Lahore). 
 In case of failure of retests, the Material will be rejected and the Purchaser may terminate the Agreement without further notice under Clause 12.2. 
 
 Till the time of delivery of the Material to the Purchaser at the Site and Acceptance of Material by the Purchaser, risk and title relating to the Material shall be borne by the Supplier. 
 
 Pouring of Material 
 The complete schedule of the pouring of Material with the confirmed quantities shall be provided by the Purchaser to the Supplier in advance and the schedule shall be re-confirmed twenty-four (24) hours prior to the pouring at Site. 
 
 The pouring of Material by the Supplier shall additionally be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 The minimum quantity for mobile concrete pumping shall be 30 m³. 
 
 The minimum slump level should be 155/mm for the concrete to be poured by mobile pump. 
 
 In the event the lean concrete design mix is to be poured at Site with mobile or stationery pump(s), an additional eighty (80) kilograms of cement shall be added to the design mix and, unless provided by the Purchaser, shall be charged to the Purchase separately at the prevailing market rate. However, if lean concrete mix is poured manually no charges will be applicable. 
 
 M obilization Advance 
 
 An amount of Rupees [●] (PKR [●]) shall be paid as mobilization advance (“ Mobilization Advance ”) by the Purcha s er to the Supplier upon signing of this Agreement. 
 
 The Supplier agrees and understands that the Mobilization Advance is solely for the purposes of this Agreement and shall only be utilized by the Supplier for the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. The Supplier undertakes not to utilize the Mobilization Advance for any other purposes whatsoever. 
 
 Simultaneously with the Purchaser having paid to the Supplier the Mobilization Advance, t he Supplier shall provide a security for the total amount of Mobilization Advance in the form and manner and through such instrument as required by the Purchaser (“ Mobilization Advance Security ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance paid by the Purchaser to the Supplier shall be adjusted by the Purchaser against the invoices issued by the Supplier in accordance with Clause [●] below. 
 
 Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Supplier shall be pay to the Purchaser any remaining Mobilization Advance not adjusted in accordance with Clause [●], in the manner prescribed in Clause [●]. In the event of failure to pay the remaining Mobilization Advance in accordance with Clause [●], the Purchaser retains the right to utilize the Mobilization Advance Security to the extent of such remaining Mobilization Advance . 
 
 P ricing 
 
 The Unit Price per cubic meter of the Material shall be determined based on the PSI of the Material and shall be in accordance with p rice l ist in Annexure B (the “ Unit Price ”) . The Unit Price for each order shall be specified on the applicable Purchase Order. 
 
 The Price List shall remain fixed under the Agreement provided that the price of the components of the Material remain within a range of five per cent (5%) of the Unit P rice specified in Annexure B. 
 
 
 In the event that the price of any component of the Material increases or decreases by more than five (5) per cent of the Unit Price , the Unit Price will be adjusted by an amount equal to the variance in excess of five (5) per cent. 
 
 Payment 
 
 Upon Acceptance of the Material, the Supplier shall be entitled to and the Purchaser shall pay to the Supplier the applicable U nit P rice in the relevant Purchase Order , subject to such adjustments and deductions as specified herein . 
 
 The Supplier shall issue invoice to the Purchaser for the Materials duly delivered under this Agreement, along with the relevant Purchase Order(s) , Delivery Note(s) and any other documents required after fifteen (15) days of delivery of Material . 
 
 Provided that the invoice is not disputed and the Purchaser has issued an Acceptance of the Material , the Purchaser shall make the payment within five (0 5 ) business days of Acceptance of Material . 
 
 All payments made by the Purchaser to the Supplier shall be subject to deductions and adjustments made in accordance with Clauses 8. 2 , 8. 3 , 12.1 and 12.2 of this Agreement and any applicable taxes including withholding tax. 
 
 The Parties agree and understand that the Purchaser shall have the right to set off any amounts which the Purchaser believes needs to be settled, out of any invoices issued or to be issued by the Suppler under this Agreement. 
 
 
 Termination 
 
 The Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser without any cause by giving the Supplier a notice of ten ( 10 ) days . 
 
 The Purchaser may also terminate this Agreement immediately upon serving written notice to the Supplier in any one or more of the following circumstances: 
 
 the Supplier fails to deliver Material in accordance with the specifications and standards stipulated by the Purchaser; 
 
 the Supplier fails to deliver the Material on the date(s) and time(s) specified by the Purchaser; 
 
 the Material fails any tests or retests conducted under this Agreement ; 
 
 the Supplier fails to perform any of the obligation s under this Agreement; 
 
 the Supplier commits any fraudulent act or any criminal activity or i s negligen t in the performance of this Agreement; 
 
 the Supplier is declared bankrupt, or 
 
 in the event of breach of any representation or warranty made by the Supplier. 
 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement by the Purchaser , the Purchaser shall not be liable to pay for the Material delivered by the Supplier (unless it is has been accepted as per Clause 7 of the Agreement p rior to the date of termination ) , subject to right of the Purchaser to offset, adjustment and/or deductions under this Agreement. 
 
 Upon expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Supplier shall be liable to and shall return , within three ( 0 3) business days, to the Purchaser any Mobilization Advance remaining or which has not been adjusted against any payments made to the Supplier as at the time of termination. In the event of failure of the Supplier to return the unadjusted Mobilization Advance in the period stipulated under this Clause [ ● ] , t he Purchaser shall be entitled to utilize the Mobilization Advance Security . 
 
 Remedies &amp; Damages 
 
 For any decrease in the percentage of the PSI as determined by the PSI strength test of each batch/order of the Material as per the applicable Purchase Order, the Supplier will be liable to pay liquidated damages as specified in this Clause 1 4 .1. For each percentage decrease in the PSI, an equivalent percentage of the Unit Price will be deducted as liquidated damages from the total Unit Price of the applicable Purchase Order. In case the PSI of the Material is unable to meet the minimum criteria specified below, the Material may be rejected and the Purchaser may not be liable to pay any sum whatsoever for such rejected Material: 
 
 Every average of any three consecutive strength tests equals or exceeds fc1 ’; and 
 
 No strength test falls below by more than: 
 
 500 PSI if fc1 is 5000 PSI or less; or 
 0.10 fc1 if fc1 exceeds 5000 PSI. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, where the Structure Design Engineer reasonably determines that the Material is not fit for its intended purpose, the Structure Design Engineer, at its discretion, shall reject the Material and require the Supplier to replace the Material at the Supplier’s cost and expense in addition to payment of any applicable liquidated damages under this Agreement. 
 
 In case of any delays in the delivery of the Material, the Purchaser shall be entitled to claim liquidated damages at Rupees [●] (PKR [ ● ] ) per each day of delay for such part of the delivery. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the aforementioned liquidated damages are reasonable and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty . However, payment of the liquidated damages shall not relieve the Supplier from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 The rights and remedies available to the Purchaser provided for under this Agreement shall not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law. 
 
 
 Representations &amp; Warranties by the Supplier 
 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the Supplier hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser: 
 
 The Supplier is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the Laws of Pakistan and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement. 
 
 The Supplier has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transaction(s) contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any agreement by which it is bound. 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transaction(s) contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person(s) are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The Supplier hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser that it shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations, whether local, regional or national which are applicable to any work related to or connected with performance of this Agreement, including the applicable labour law of Pakistan. 
 
 All necessary consents, approvals, licenses, permits authorizations in connection with the works including but not limited to those from any governmental or regulatory body, agency, department, commission, board, bureau or other authority, or such other persons, as the case may be, have been sought and obtained or will be sought, obtained and maintained, by the Supplier at its own cost and expense, from the relevant authorities. 
 
 The Supplier is in complete compliance with all permits/licenses, including temporary permits/licenses, to provide services etc. of the nature and type under this Agreement; and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of federal, state or local entities which may have jurisdiction over the Supplier such that any failure of compliance will not have an adverse effect on the Supplier’s ability to enter, execute, deliver or consummate this Agreement. 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, (i) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, do not constitute a violation of any Laws of Pakistan and/or any of the Agreements/understandings which any or each of the said Parties are bound by. 
 
 There is no labour strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending or threatened against or affecting the Supplier’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 No representation or warranty by the Supplier in this Agreement, nor any statement or certificate furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Supplier pursuant to this Agreement, nor any document or certificate delivered to the Purchaser prior or pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the transaction contemplated herein, contains or shall contain any false statement of material fact or omits or shall omit a material fact necessary to make the statement contained therein not misleading. 
 
 The Supplier has sufficient skill, training, experience, technical know - how, capacity and resources including machinery, equipment, vehicles, etc., necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the satisfaction of the Purchaser. 
 
 The Supplier’s personnel shall possess all skills, experience, training, competence, guidance and motivation required for the timely and efficient execution of the work in accordance with this Agreement, to the satisfaction of the Purchaser. 
 
 The Supplier hereby warrants, represents and undertakes that it shall ensure that it achieves and delivers the Material as and when directed by the Purchaser. 
 
 The Supplier shall ensure that the Purchaser’s business reputation, name and goodwill are not affected by reason of any default/breach of this Agreement caused directly or indirectly by the Supplier or its employees, agents, personnel, executives, sub-contractors, assigns etc. 
 
 The Supplier and the Supplier’s personnel shall ensure that the work is conducted in a cost-efficient manner, through, inter alia , effective deployment and use of men and materials. 
 
 The Supplier and the Supplier’s personnel shall at all times provide to the Employer honest, truthful and accurate data and information pertaining to the Materials. 
 
 The Material is of satisfactory quality and fit for the intended purpose and can be used without any problem at the Site throughout the Term of this Agreement. 
 
 The materials, machinery, vehicles and equipment used for the delivery shall be suitable for its intended purpose. 
 
 
 General 
 
 Force Majeure 
 
 Either Party shall be excused from the performance of any of his obligations under this Agreement and such obligations shall be extended by a period reasonable under the circumstances if the performance thereof is prevented or delayed by industrial disputes or any cause beyond the affected Party's reasonable control which, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include acts of God, riots, wars, acts of terrorism, accidents, embargo, or requisition . 
 
 The Party which cannot continue its contractual obligations shall inform the other Party about the starting and finishing of the force majeure event in writing immediately but not later than two (02) days from starting date of the Force Majeure event. If the delay continues for a period of more than thirty (30) days, the Party not claiming force majeure may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other Party. 
 
 
 Relationship of the Parties 
 
 The Parties intend that the relationship created between them by this Agreement shall be as independent contractors. This Agreement is not to be construed in any way as creating any partnership, principal-agent, master-servant, joint venture or other similar relationship between the Parties. 
 
 Non-Solicitation 
 
 The Supplier agrees that for a period of eighteen (1 8 ) months following the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Supplier shall not either directly or indirectly solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the Purchaser’s employees to leave their employment, or take away such employees, or attempt to solicit, induce, recruit, encourage, take away or hire employees of the Purchaser, either for itself or any third party. 
 
 Confidentiality 
 
 The existence and the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any oral or written information disclosed by the Purchaser in connection with the preparation and/ or performance of this Agreement shall be regarded as confidential information by the Supplier . The Supplier shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential information and shall not disclose any such confidential information to any third parties without obtaining the written consent of the Purchaser , except where such disclosure is required under the law. 
 Amendment 
 
 No variations, amendment or alterations to this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and duly signed by the authorised signatories of each Party. 
 
 Indemnity 
 
 The Supplier agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Purchaser, its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise out of or relate to breach of any representation or warranty of the Supplier as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfill, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Purchaser.. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 This Agreement is executed pursuant to, and shall be construed under and governed exclusively by, the substantive and procedural laws of Pakistan. 
 
 Settlement of Disputes 
 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by negotiation. In the event the Parties are unable to resolve any dispute within ten (10) days after the dispute arises, the Parties shall refer the matter to a sole arbitrator (the “ Arbitrator ”). Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be submitted in writing to the Arbitrator, who will promptly meet and confer with the Parties in an effort to resolve such dispute. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore. Any decisions of the Arbitrator will be final and binding on the Parties. Each Party shall pay its own legal expenses. 
 
 Time 
 
 Time shall be of essence to this Agreement as regards the dates specifically mentioned and as to any date that may by Agreement in writing between the Parties be substituted for such dates. 
 
 Notices 
 
 All notices, requests, demands, statements, invoices and other communications required or to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or transmitted by telefax to the respective party at the following addresses: 
 Purchaser: Mr. [•] 
 Supplier: [•] 
 Or such other address as from time to time may be designated by notice from the respective Party to the other Party. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: (i) receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or (ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving party’s normal business hours) or next succeeding date on which the receiving party is normally open for business, if sent by telefax provided that the sender’s transmission report shows the entire facsimile to have been received by the recipient. 
 
 Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement and its annexures and a ny other documents inferred herein constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement and supersedes and overrides all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations, written or oral, between the Parties. 
 In case of a conflict between the Purchase Order or any other document related to the Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail. 
 
 Severability 
 
 Should any provision of this Agreement be found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be given no effect but the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The Parties shall forthwith enter into good faith negotiations to amend the Agreement so that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision is replaced by a valid, legal, and enforceable provision, which conforms to the extent possible to the intended purpose of the former provision. 
 
 Counterparts 
 
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and same instrument. 
 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the Purchaser and Supplier have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorised representatives. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Supplier 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of [●] 
 Mr. [●] 
 
 Mr. [●] 
 CNIC No. [●] 
 
 [●], [●] 
 Dated: 
 
 
 Dated: 
 
 WITNESSED BY: 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Supplier 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Purchaser 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: ______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure A 
 Tes ts &amp; Quality Standards 
 SECTION A 
 
 TESTS &amp; QUALITY STANDARDS BEFORE THE DELIVERY OF MATERIAL 
 Cement 
 
 With respect to the cement used in any batch of Material supplied under this Agreement, the Supplier shall comply with the following: 
 
 Cement shall conform to ASTM C-150 ( Speciﬁcation for Portland Cement ); 
 
 Only one brand of each type of cement shall be used for concrete in a specific batch of ready-mix Material. The mixing together of different types of cement or from two different brands shall not be permitted. 
 
 If the Supplier is unable to procure the requested cement brand for any reason whatsoever, the Supplier shall inform and seek the written approval of the Design Structure Engineer before using an alternate cement brand; 
 
 Cement shall be used in the sequence of receipt of shipment thereof, unless otherwise directed by the Purchaser; 
 
 Cement reclaimed from cleaning of bags/ leaky containers, or which has become stale or unsuitable through absorption of moisture from the atmosphere or otherwise, shall not be used. 
 
 The Purchaser may require the Supplier to provide test certificates and/ or invoices for the cement used; and 
 
 Continuous records and control charts of all cement tests shall be maintained by the Supplier and shall be available to the Purchaser at all times. 
 
 Aggregates ( Except light weight concrete ) : 
 
 With respect to the aggregates (except lightweight concrete) used in any batch of Material supplied under this Agreement, the Supplier shall comply with the following: 
 
 The sources of supply of all fine and coarse aggregates shall be subject to the written approval of the Purchaser (Structure Design Engineer) ; 
 
 Aggregates shall not be stored on muddy ground or where they are likely to become dirty or contaminated; 
 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Purchaser, fine aggregate shall consist of hard coarse sand, crushed stone or gravel screenings and shall conform to standards contained in ASTM C-33 C ( Speciﬁcation for Concrete Aggregate). Coarse aggregate shall consist of gravel or broken stone or hard, durable material free from laminated structure and shall also conform to ASTM C-33; 
 
 The grading of the coarse and fine aggregate shall be tested at least once for every 50 tons (or 750 C. ft) supplied to ensure that the grading is uniform and the same as that of the samples used in the preliminary tests; and 
 
 Continuous records and control charts of all aggregate tests shall be kept available for inspection. 
 
 
 Admixtures 
 
 With respect to the admixtures used in any batch of Material supplied under this Agreement, the Supplier shall comply with the following: 
 
 Unless permitted otherwise, admixtures used shall be in accordance with the Purchaser’s instructions or the Purchase Order. 
 
 All records of the invoices and test reports/ certificates for inspection shall be kept by the Supplier and must be provided to the Purchaser whenever requested. 
 
 
 SECTION B 
 TESTS AT THE TIME OF DELIVERY OF MATERIAL ON SITE 
 
 Upon arrival of the transit mixer on Site, the Material shall be poured within forty-five (45) minutes. If case the pouring is delayed by the Supplier, the Purchaser shall be entitled to reject the Material in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Temperature at the time of delivery 
 
 With respect to the temperature at the time of delivery of the Material supplied, the Supplier shall comply with the following: 
 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Purchaser, the applicable temperature for the delivery of the Material at Site shall be at the normal output temperature of the plant or as given in ASTM C- 94/C 94M (Standard Specification for Ready Mix Concrete). 
 
 If the Purchaser demands that the Material be supplied at temperature that is lower than the normal output temperature of the plant, then the Supplier will be required to arrange adequate quantities of ice blocks. The actual cost of the ice blocks shall be borne by the Purchaser. 
 
 
 Slump level at the time of delivery 
 
 Unless otherwise specified by the Purchaser, the Material supplied by the Supplier shall conform to a slump level of 100mm with a maximum tolerance of up to 25mm as defined by the ASTM C-94 (Standard Specification for Ready Mix Concrete) and ACI 211.1-91 ( Standard Practice for Selecting Proportions for Normal, Heavyweight, and Mass Concrete) . 
 
 
 SECTION C 
 TESTS AFTER THE DELIVERY OF MATERIAL 
 
 Concrete and Adequacy of Mix 
 
 With respect to the concrete supplied in any batch of Material under this Agreement, the Purchaser shall be entitled to take samples and conduct the PSI strength test in the following manner: 
 
 Each PSI strength test sample taken by the Purchaser shall consist of no less than nine ( 9 ) concrete test cylinders/cubes made from a single sample of concrete from a randomly selected batch of concrete, taken at the point of discharge from mixer or transit mixer of the Supplier, cured under standard conditions. 
 
 One cylinder/cube from each sample shall be tested by the Purchaser at age 7, 14 and 28 days unless otherwise determined by the Purchaser. 
 
 The concrete should meet the PSI strength specified by the Purchaser in the Purchase Order on the final test conducted on the 28 th day of the concrete’s delivery at Site . In case the concrete fails th is PSI strength test, the Purchaser shall be entitled to damage s as determined by the Structure Design Engineer under Clause 12 of the Agreement. 
 
 The Supplier shall ensure that the adequacy of the mix of any batch of Material supplied under this Agreement complies with the following: 
 
 In case of concrete mix, the appropriate strength requirement shall be considered to be satisfied if none of the strengths of the specimen is below the specified strength or if the average strength of the three specimens is not less than the specified strength and the difference between the greatest and least strengths is not more than 20% of that average. 
 
 When the results of tests show that the strength of the concrete mix is below the specified minimum, the Purchaser, notwithstanding any other remedy available to the Purchaser under this Agreement, may give instructions for the whole or part of the concrete mix to be removed and/or be replaced at the expense of the Supplier or the rate of payment be reduced or adjusted accordingly. In case the Purchaser suffers a delay due to the Supplier’s Material failing the tests or if the Supplier fails to replace the rejected Material, the Supplier may be liable to pay damages under Clause 12 of the Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure B 
 Price List 
 Annexure C 
 Purchase Order 
 Annexure D 
 Approved Design Mix 
 Annexure E 
 Pouring Rates