PART II – SPECIAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
 Add to, delete from, substitute or amend the Clauses and Sub-Clauses 
 of the Conditions of Contract Part I as under. 
 
 
 Definitions and Interpretation 
 Definitions 
 1.1 In Para (a) ( i ) 
 
 Employer means “ Mall 35 , partnership registered under the laws of Pakistan with its registered office located at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg II, Lahore.” 
 
 In Para (a) (ii) 
 
 Contractor means Tameer Construction (Private) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan with its registered office located at Tameer 234 Westwood Colony, Thokar Niaz Baig , Lahore, Pakistan . 
 
 delete the line 'but not (except with the consent of)' 
 after 'such person' add the word "and" 
 After the words 'appointed by the Employer' add the words "from time to time”. 
 Delete the following words ‘Provided always… ….during his tenure’ 
 
 Para (a) (vi) Delete 
 In para (b) (vii) 
 Delete the words ‘(if any)’ 
 In para (d) ( i ) 
 Delete the words ‘otherwise agreed by the Engineer and the Contractor’ 
 
 Replace deleted words with the following words: 
 "or any other tests which may be required by the Employer to check and verify the successful completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof , " 
 Replace the word 'made' in the second line with the word "conducted and/or performed". 
 
 Amend Para (f) (vii) to read as follows: 
 
 " Site " means the places provided by the Employer where the Works are to be executed i.e. 35-A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt., Rawalpindi and any other places as may be specifically designated in the Contract as forming part of the Site." 
 
 In Para (g) ( i ) 
 after the words `to be incurred' add the words "by the Contractor". 
 
 Para (g) (iii) Deleted 
 
 
 1.1 Add the following sub-clauses: 
 1.1.(h)( i ) Materials : "means things of all kinds intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works and/or the Temporary Works, including the supply-only materials to be supplied by the Employer under the Contract , unless otherwise specified ." 
 Wherever the term 'materials' has been used in the Contract shall be read as "Materials". 
 1.1.(h)(ii) " Mobilization Advance Guarantee " means the Guarantee to be provided to the Employer by the Contractor against mobilization advance to be given to the Contractor by the Employer in the form set out in Appendix to Tender A . 
 1.1.(h)(iii) "Good Industry Practices" means the standards, practices, methods and procedures conforming to l aw and that degree of skill, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably be expected from a skilled and experienced contractor engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same circumstances . 
 
 1.1(h)(iv) “ K now-How ” shall mean the know - how, technical knowledge and methods, current and accumulated experiences acquired by the Contractor as a result of practical experiences or otherwise in connection with the execution of works similar to the Works, up to the date of the signature of the Contact Agreement and which are required by the Contractor for the due performance and execution of Works. 
 
 1.1.(h)(v) “ Milestone ” means any event which may be the start of or, as the case may be, the completion of the whole of a specified activity, as detailed in Appendix G/1 to Tender. 
 
 1.1.(h)(vi) “ Standards ” means the applicable version of the environmental guidelines and occupational health and safety standards and technical standards of the relevant industry, including but not limited to standards relating to the protection of environment, evaluation of chemicals brought on the Site, occupational health and safety, insurances, prevention and investigation of accidents, incident, injuries, or illnesses, conditions for workmen and labour and such standards as are applicable to the Works being carried out by the Contractor at the Site. 
 
 1.1.(h)(vii) " Defects Liability Period " means period for notifying and remedying the defects in the Works or sections of the Works as stated in the Contract calculated from the date as described in Clause 49.1. 
 
 1.1. (h)(viii) " Contractor's Documents " shall mean and include the calculations, drawings, manuals, models, specifications, supplementary drawings and other documents of a technical nature (if any) supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 1.1. (h)(ix) " Bank or Insurance Guarantee " means the guarantee(s) to be provided by the Contractor to the Employer as guarantee against an equivalent amount of Mobilization Advance, or against an equivalent amount of Retention Money to be released by the Employer, for a period and in the form set out in Appendix A to Tender. 
 1.1. (h)(x) " Performance Security " means Performance Security to be provided by the Contractor to the Empl oyer equival ent to ten per cent ( 1 0 % ) of the Contract Price, which shall remain valid till issuance of Defects Liability Certificate and in the form stated in Appendix A to Tender. 
 
 Engineer and Engineer’s Representative 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 Engineer’s Authority to Delegate 
 2.3 In first Para delete the words “ and shall not take effect until a copy thereof has been delivered to the Employer and the Contractor ”. 
 
 In second Para provisos (a) and (b) are amended to read as follows: 
 
 any failure of the Engineer’s Representative to disapprove any Works or Materials or Plant shall not constitute approval, and shall therefore not prejudice the right and authority of the Engineer to reject or disapprove the Works, Materials or Plant and/or to given instructions for the rectification thereof; 
 
 If the Contractor questions any determination, instruction or communication of the Engineer’s Representative he may refer the matter to the Engineer who shall confirm, reverse or vary the contents of such determination, instruction or communication.” 
 
 Appointment of Assistants 
 Add the following at the end of Sub-Clause 2.4: 
 2.4 "All restrictions on the Engineer and Engineer's Representative authorities under the Contract shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any assistants, appointed pursuant to this clause, of the Engineer or Engineer's Representative." 
 
 Instructions in Writing / Site Order Book 
 Add the following Sub-Clause after Sub-clause 2.5: 
 2.5.1 The Contractor shall maintain at the S ite of W orks a “ Site Order Book ” (of triplicate leaves) for taking instructions and directions of the Engineer-in-Charge or Employer ’ s representatives. 
 Engineer not liable 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows: 
 2.7 Any approvals, determinations, failure to check, issuance of certificates, consents, examinations, inspections, instructions, notices, proposals, requests, tests (including Tests on Completion) or similar act of the Engineer shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its responsibilities under the Contract, including responsibility for errors, omissions, discrepancies , remedying of defects, and non - compliance and liability for the supply of Materials, and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Contract. 
 
 Neither the Engineer's authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Contract whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, his representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works." 
 
 Clause 2.8 shall be replaced with the following: 
 
 Replacement of 
 the Engineer 
 2.8 If the Employer replace s the Engineer, the Employer shall, notify the Contractor in writing of such , including the name of the name, address and relevant experience of the replace d Engineer. 
 
 Amend the title of Clause 3: 
 Replace the words "Assignment of C ontract" with the following: 
 "Assignment and Contractor's employees and 
 sub- contractors" 
 Assignment of Contract 
 
 3.1 
 Delete the words 'otherwise than by' Delete Para (a) and (b). 
 Employing or hiring of persons and contractors by Contractor 
 4.1 Replace the title and clause to read as follows: 
 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole of the Works. Except where otherwise provided by the Contract, the Contractor shall not subcontract any part of the Works without the prior consent of the Employer . The Contractor shall be entitled to employ or hire services of any independent contractor, with the prior written consent of the Employer, for the execution and completion of Works or part thereof. However, any such employment or hiring shall not constitute and be deemed as sub-contracting under this Contract and the Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc. of such employed or hired contractor. 
 
 Any hiring o r employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall no t create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent employees or contractors of the Contractor. 
 The Employer shall be entitled to withhold its consent as to hiring or employment of any such independent contractor and the Contractor shall not employ or hire services of such independent contractors, with regard to whom consent was not given by the Employer. 
 
 
 
 Priority of Contract Documents 
 COTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 Amend the Sub-Clause 5.2 as under: 
 
 5.2 Replace the priority of the documents forming the Contract with the following: 
 
 The Contract Agreement 
 The Appendix A to Tender 
 The Letter of Acceptance 
 The Special Conditions 
 The General Conditions 
 The Drawings 
 The Specifications 
 The Bill of Quantities . 
 
 
 Custody and 
 Supply of 
 Drawings and 
 Documents 
 
 One copy of Drawings &amp; Documents 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 6.1 In the fourth line replace the words “Unless it is strictly necessary for the purposes of the Contract” with “ Unless required by law or an order of the court ” … 
 
 
 6.2 In line replace the words "Drawings" with " c omplete set of Drawings and Contract Documents with up - to-date revisions." 
 
 Add the following new Paras in Sub-clause 6.2: 
 "Each of the Contractor's Documents shall be in the custody and care of the Contractor, unless and until taken over by the Employer. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, the Contractor shall supply to the Engineer three ( 3 ) copies of any proposals, documents and drawings produced by the Contractor. The Contractor shall keep, on the Site, a copy of the Contract, the Contractor's Documents, and Variations and other communications given under the Contract, with up to-date revisions. The Employer shall have the right of access to all these documents at all reasonable times. If a Party becomes aware of an error or defect of a technical nature in a document which was prepared for use in executing the Works, the Party shall promptly give notice to the other Party of such error or defect. " 
 
 Delays and cost of delay of Drawings 
 
 
 
 Failure by 
 Contractor to 
 Submit Drawings 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 6.4 In line 4, delete the words “and/ or incurs costs”. 
 In Para (a) replace “,” with “.” and delete the word “and” 
 Delete Para 6.4 (b). 
 6.5 In line 3, replace the words “Drawings, Specifications or other” with “any”. 
 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 
 Permanent 
 Works Designed 
 by Contractor 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contractor’s General Responsibilities 
 
 7. 2 Replace the following the words “ Contract expressly provides that part of the Permanent Works shall be designed by the Contractor , he” with “requested by the Employer that the Contractor designs the Permanent Works or any part thereof, the Contractor” 
 
 
 7.3 Delete the following words in the second line: 
 “ (to the extent provided for by the Contract )”. 
 
 General Obligations 
 
 
 
 Contractor’s General Responsibilities 
 Add words as follows to Sub-Clause: 
 
 8.1 ….Execute and complete the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix A to Tender and remedy…. 
 
 Add the following new Paras in Sub-Clause 8.1: 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all such work and provide all such services not specifically mentioned in the Contract but which are required for the proper execution and completion of the Works. When completed, the Works shall be fit for the purposes for which the Works are intended. 
 
 Upon the execution of the Contract, it shall be deemed that the Contractor has evaluated, approved and confirmed the requirements of the scope of work of the Contractor as provided in the Contract and its Appendixes and thereafter if any work is required to be performed for the purposes of the completion of the Works, in such an event Contractor shall be solely responsible and liable for executing such work and shall undertake, execute and complete any such works at its own cost and expense. 
 
 The Contractor shall be under an obligation to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, which every reasonable contractor could foresee, and shall cease to do any further work which may adversely affect by such defect, fault, incompatibility or error till such time as the Employer or Engineer instructs him to continue with such Works. However, if the Contractor fails to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, which every reasonable contractor could foresee, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable to make good any loss and damage, at its own cost and expense, caused due to such incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification." 
 Site Operation and Methods of 
 Construction 
 Delete the following lines from the Clause: 
 Provided that the Contractor shall not be responsible (except as stated hereunder or as may be otherwise agreed) for the design or specification of Permanent Works, or for the design or specification of any Temporary Works not prepared by the Contractor. 
 Amend the following Sub-Clauses: 
 8.2 After the words 'Temporary Works not prepared by the Contractor' add the following words, "subject to the requirement as contained in sub clause 8.1" 
 Contract Agreement 
 
 9.1 In second line read "Contractor" in place of "Employer" 
 
 Claims under Performance Security 
 
 10.3 Add the following para after the Sub-Clause: 
 
 For the sake of clarity, it is stated that the approval of the Contractor shall not be required or necessary to make a claim under the Performance Security. Moreover , failure to notify the Contractor shall not hinder, limit or in any manner whatsoever a ffect the right of the Employer to make a claim under the Performance Security . 
 Performance Security Binding on Variations and Changes. 
 
 10.4 Add in the first li n e after “ Performance Security ” the following words: 
 “ from an approved Insurance Company ” 
 
 
 Add the following Sub-Clause: 
 
 10.5 The Contractor shall be obliged to place all insurances relating to the Contract with and obtain the Performance Security as approved by the Employer from a reputable insurance Company of at least AA rating or above, preferably International General Insurance Company Limited, IGI. 
 
 
 
 Inspection of Site 
 Amend the Sub-Clauses: 
 
 11.1 In 11.1(b) after the words 'hydrological' add the words 'geological, topographic, atmospheric' 
 Add the following as 11.1(e) 
 (e) generally all and any other local conditions of the Site that affect or may affect the Contractor's execution of the Works and its obligations under the Contract. 
 The Contractor therefore hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all costs and contingencies for successfully executing the Works and satisfying all its obligations under the Contract and to bear all and any consequences result from its improper evaluation and interpretations. The Contractor undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above-mentioned conditions.” 
 
 Adverse Physical Obstructions or Conditions 
 
 12.2 Delete the Sub-clause 
 
 
 Data and Information 
 Add the following Sub-Clauses: 
 
 12.3 Data relating to Site Conditions and physical information contained in the Contract Documents or otherwise made available to the Contractor by the Employer are not intended as presentations or warranties but are furnished for the Contractor’s information only. It is expressly understood that the Employer will not be responsible for the accuracy thereof nor for any deduction interpretations or conclusions drawn therefrom. The information is made available in order that the Contractor may have the same information as is available to the Employer and is not part of the Contract. 
 
 Determination of Conditions not Foreseen 
 12.4 For the purpose of determining any question under the Sub-Clause as to whether any conditions or obstructions encountered by the Contractor are such as could not have been reasonably foreseen by an experienced contractor: 
 
 a) the Employer gives no representation or warranty as to any of the data or information referred to in Sub-Clause 12.3 either as to the accuracy or sufficiency thereof or as to how the same should be interpreted or otherwise howsoever and the Contractor shall make use of and interpret the same entirely on his own responsibility provided always that the Contractor shall not be precluded from referring to data or information in connection with the determination of any such question as aforesaid, and 
 
 b) the Contractor shall be deemed to have made careful and complete study prior to tende ring of all documents data, Site conditions / facilities and other things available to him and to have employed the engineering and other technical assistance necessary to foresee that which could have been foreseen from such documents data , Site conditions / facilities and other things. 
 Amend the followings in the Sub-Clause: 
 
 Work to be in accordance with Contract. 
 13.1 
 
 Add words as follows to Sub-Clause: 
 
 … …. execute and complete the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix A to Tender and remedy 
 
 Cash Flow Estimate to be Submitted 
 
 Amend the Sub-Clause: 
 14.3 For Cash flow estimate read monthly intervals instead of quarterly intervals appearing twice in the Sub Clause. 
 
 Detailed Programme , Progress Reports &amp; Review 
 Amend the following Sub-Clause: 
 14.5 In 14.5(c) (c) delete the words conditions due to weather conditions and in second line, read Engineer and Employer in place of Engineer. 
 
 Add to Sub-Clause: 
 14.5(d) Monthly or fortnightly Progress Review meetings between the Parties will be held at Site and must be attended by the authorized technical representative of the Contractor. 
 
 
 14.5 14.5(e) Weekly Planning Meetings shall also be held and attended by Contractor’s authorized representative (Resident Engineer), to plan details of Work systematically for the ensuing week (consistent and integral with the overall program), monitoring of progress and quality achieved in the past week and if there is a shortfall, planning remedial measure to be adopted to catch up with the programme . 
 
 and add: 
 The Detailed Programme , Progress Report &amp; Review shall be given / made timely. 
 
 
 Contractor’s Superintendence 
 Add Para to the Sub Clause: 
 15.1 The Contractor Site staff shall include, in addition to a q ualified and experienced authorized representativ e Resident Engineer registered with Pakistan Engineering Council (CV to be approved by the Employer), a Planner who is conversant with computer programs like MS PROJECTS or PRIMEVERA as also with Risk Analysis and Management Techniques. 
 
 Contractor’s Engineers &amp; Technical Personnel 
 Add to the Sub- C lause: 
 16.5 The Contractor shall employ solely for the Work(s) on the Project at Site a sufficient number of engineers and othe r technical personnel qualified in their r espective trades to give proper superintendence to the Work. 
 The Contractor shall also have sufficient supervisors, as well as skilled employees, at each S ite so as to ensure that W ork is done professionally and efficiently. 
 
 The Employer reserves the rights to expel any person from either Site who shall not comply with the rules &amp; regulations as prescribed by Employer. 
 
 
 
 Setting Out 
 Amend the clause 17.1 second para after (c) 
 
 17.1 If, at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels dimensions, reinforcement or alignment of any part of the Works or if the Contractor uses unapproved, insufficient or rejected material, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall at his own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer. However, if such error is based on incorrect data supplied in writing by the Engineer, in such an event the Contractor shall be only entitled to all extension of time for the rectification or remedying of such error. The Engineer shall determine such extension of time and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 
 Safety, Security and Protection of the Environment 
 Add the following Para in the Sub-Clause : 
 
 19.1 19.1(e) The Contractor shall at all times be under an obligation to comply with the Employer's Site safety rules, regulations and policies including but not limited to the 'Contractor's Safety Handbook' attached herewith as Appendix [ ● ] to Tender. 
 
 Safety Precautions 
 Add the following in Sub-Clause : 
 19.3 After the words 'for such purpose 'add the words "including but not l imited to complying with t he applicable s tandards and the instructions and requirements of the Employer." 
 
 Add the following Sub-Clauses : 
 19.3.1 GENERAL 
 
 It is the Contractor's responsibility to assure that the e mployer's safety instructions are followed at all times and that all the Contractor’s employees at the Site have a thorough knowledge and understanding of the safety regulations and are complying with the safety requirements of the Employer . 
 The Contractor must comply with all applicable accident prevention regulations and other safety work practices governed under any law of any local or provincial authority of Pakistan including the regulations and requirements of the Employer in respect of the same. 
 
 The Employer requires that all the Contractors’ workers wear hard hats, safety shoes, and where necessary gloves, and shirts at all times while on Site. 
 
 19.3.2 Fire Protection and loss control 
 
 The Contractor shall be aware of necessary precautions &amp; controls concerning cutting, welding, and hot work, fire precautions and ensure compliance. 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the fire watch as necessary and meet the fire prevention / fighting practices. 
 
 
 
 The Contractor shall, in his work plan, forecast any extra hazardous area or adjacent to the Site of the Work and provide curtains, shields, or any other specialized equipment to adequately shield flames and sparks from combustibles. 
 
 The Contractor is responsible for disposal of deleterious substances such as lubrication oil, solvents, diesel fuel etc. which shall be contained in suitable containers and be disposed of away from the S ite and in no case disposed in sewers or water course(s) or drains. 
 
 19.3.3 Fire Protection Equipment 
 
 The Contractor is responsible to provide the required number of fire extinguishers as well as the necessary hose line for his area of W ork. The type and size of fire - fighting equipment that has to be approved by the Engineer is as follows: 
 Welding / burning requires prior permission from the Engineer; 
 Closing sealed or locked walls of any fire system requires an impairment lock out notification from the Engineer. 
 
 19.3.4 Hazardous Area 
 
 Before entering any area of the Site, the Contractor must familiarize himself of the existing hazards and inquire from the Engineer the necessary precautions to be taken for his own protection and the protection of other workers at the time Site and of the equipment and the Works. 
 
 19.3.5 Waste Material environmental control 
 
 If the Works require the removal of any material hazardous to the environment, and / or the public, then the Contractor shall remove it in compliance with industrial health and safety regulations and shall also comply with all instructions and requirements of the Employer. 
 
 19.3.6 The Contractor’s Safety Plan 
 
 The Contractor will attach with is Tender his Safety Plan describing: 
 
 Contractor’s practice adopted to ensure safety of workers. 
 Contractors procedures or plans to deal with accidents, proposed hospital arrangements, proposed police information and reporting to the concerned fire department or authority or dealing with fire accidents at the Site. 
 Site to be orderly and dean 
 Add the following Sub-clause : 
 
 19. 5 The Contractor shall clear the entire S ite completely at the time of completion / handling over, clear of a ny waste, material, ponding or debris. Similarly, S ite shall be l eft perfectly clean at the completion of Defects Liability Period. 
 
 The Contractor shall be required to keep the Site clean and cleared of all debris, dust and dirt and littering with waste materials and unnecessary obstructions at all times during construction period under the Contract. 
 Maintaining cleanliness and orderly work at all times from start till completion of W orks is vital. Should the Contractor fail to do so , the Employer reserves th e right to get the Site cleared and cleaned by employing other means or agencies at the cost and expense of the Contractor, and such costs and expenses shall be deducted from monies payable to the Contractor by the Employer . 
 
 
 Loss or Damage Due to Employer's Risks 
 Amend the Sub-Clause 
 20.3 "In the event of any such loss or damage happening from any of the risks defined in Sub-Clause 20.4 the Contractor shall not be entitled to any losses and damages caused to the C ontractor due to such risks. If the Contract is terminated pursuan t to the risks defined in Sub-Clause 20.4, in such an event the Contract or shall o nly be entitled to such payment as specified in the Clause 65.8. 
 
 
 Employer's Risks 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 20.4 In clause 20.4 (a) i ) de lete the words 'and hostilities (whet her declared or not)' 
 In sub clause (a) v) replace word subcon tractor by "his workers and his contractors". 
 In sub-clau se (c) after the words 'is responsible; and' add the following: 
 "subject to the prov isions of C lause 8.1." 
 
 Insurance of Works and Contractor’s Equipment 
 
 Add the following to the Sub-Clause 
 21.1 21.1 (d) “his employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and / or working at the Site.” 
 
 Scope of Cover 
 Amend the following in the Sub-Clause: 
 21.2 Add the following para at the end 
 "The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, nondisclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy." 
 Responsibility for Amounts not Recovered 
 
 21.3 Delete the words 'the Employer or' and replace ' their ' with "his". 
 
 
 Payment for Insurance of Works and Contractor’s Equipment 
 Add the following Sub-Clauses 
 21.5 The c ost of complying with the requirements of Sub-Clauses 21.1 to 21.4 shall be borne by the Contractor, unless the Contract provides otherwise. 
 Damage to Persons or Property 
 Amend the Sub-Clause: 
 22.1 Read; in (a) "Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, or" 
 
 Delete the following lines: 
 
 “ subject to the exceptions defined in Sub-Clause 22.2. ” 
 
 Exceptions 
 
 
 Indemnity by the Employer 
 
 22.2 Delete Clause 22.2 . 
 22.3 Delete the Clause . 
 Maximum Third Party Claim 
 Add the Para: 
 22.4 Sub-Clause 22.2 shall be read and construed as if in addition to Sub-Clauses (a), (b) and (d) thereof, there was added Sub-Clause (e) below: 
 e) That portion of one claim or that portion of a number of claims exceeding the amount stated in Appendix-A to Tender. 
 
 
 Third Party Insurance 
 Amend the Sub-Clause: 
 23.1 Third Line to read “………. against liability for death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person”… … 
 
 Third Party Insurance 
 
 Add the Sub-Clause: 
 23.4 The cost of complying with the requirements of Sub-Clauses 23.1 to 23.3 shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 
 Insurance Against Accident to Workmen 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 24.2 The Contractor shall insure, at its own cost and expense, against such liability and shall continue such insurance during the whole of the time that any persons or contractor are employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works or any part thereof. It shall be the sole responsibility, liability and obligation of the Contractor to insure as aforesaid under this Sub-Clause in such manner that the Employer is indemnified under the policy, but the Contractor shall produce to the Employer, when required, such policy of insurance and the receipt for the payment of the current premium. 
 
 Insurance with approved Insurance Co. 
 
 Add the Sub-Clause: 
 25.5 The cost of complying with Sub-Clause 24.1 &amp; 24.2 shall be borne by the Contractor, unless the Contract provides otherwise. 
 
 Fossils 
 Amend the Sub-clause as follows: 
 27.1 Delete the following words: 
 'and/or incurs costs' 
 Delete Para (b) of the Sub-clause 
 
 Utility Lines 
 Add the Sub-Clause: 
 29.2 "The Contractor shall conduct his operati ons on or at the Site by making necessary arrangements take suitable precautions and perform all required work incidental to the protection of and avoidance of interference with power transmission, telegraph, telephone and natural gas lines and other utilities within the areas of his operations in connection with this Contract. The cost therefore shall be borne by the Contractor and the Contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the Employer in respect of all claims demands and proceedings damages costs charges and expenses whatsoever arising out of or in relation to any such interference. 
 
 Avoidance of Damage to Roads 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 30.1 Replace the following words, ‘or any of his Subcontractors’, with the words “or any of his employed or hired contractors”. 
 
 Opportunities for other Contractors 
 31.1 Add the following new Para: 
 (d) The Contractor shall also coordinate with the Employer and install Employer-supplied insertions and installations in Works like electric conduits and accessories, pipes, drains, sleeves, embedded parts including steel plates, bolts, etc. and provide all access and usage of stairs, ladders scaffolds, platforms etc. to Employer &amp; his workers, at no additional costs. 
 
 Add the new para at the end: 
 
 Cooperation with other Contractors 
 31.3 The Contractor shall be required to coordinate, giving full courtesy and accommodation to a number of organizations working on the Site including the Employer, electrical and mechanical installations, Pre-Engineered Steel Roof, Pipe racks, pipe-lines, Employer’s utility installation teams and machinery installation teams. 
 
 Add the new Para at end: 
 
 No other Payment for fulfilling obligations 
 33.2 For fulfilling all of his obligations under the Contract, no other payment shall be made to the Contractor except as provided for in the Bill of Quantities. 
 
 Labour 
 
 
 Engagement of staff and Labour 
 
 Amend Clauses as follows: 
 34.1 Last line to read: "and for their payment, housing, feeding transport, health care and insurance etc." 
 
 A dd the following at the end: 
 "The Contractor shall, at his own cost and expense, comply with the applicable s tandards in relation to matters connected with labour , staff and workmen employed or engaged by the Contractor." 
 
 
 Rates of Wages and Conditions of Labour 
 34.2 Add in Second Line after trade or indu stry "and prevailing l abour and wage l aws" where the W ork is carried out. 
 Add at end; 
 The Contractor shall solve independently any disputes arising from its default in paying the employees' salary and / or any demand raised or punishment imposed by relevant government authorities, and shall indemnify and hold the Employer h ar mless from any claim, l oss and damage due to such disputes. 
 Add at the end 
 
 Health and Safety 
 34.5 "The Contractor shall, at his own cost and expense, comply with the standards , instructions and policies of the Employer regarding s afety, in addition to the applicable international and local r equirements/ s tandards regarding the health and safety of his staff and labour at the Site throughout the period of the Contract.” 
 
 Add the following new paras: 
 
 The Contractor shall in collaboration with and to the requirements of any duly constituted medical or sanitary authority ensure that suitable arrangements are made on the Site(s) for the maintenance of health, the prevention and over-coming of epidemics, and for adequate first aid, welfare and hygiene services. 
 
 The Contractor shall erect and maintain at his own expenses sufficient first aid and sanitary facilities at strategic points on the Site(s). All canteens, camps, working and storage areas including the temporary ones shall be constantly kept in a good hygienic condition. 
 
 Urinal and defecation shall only be allowed in the specified areas . 
 
 
 Epidemics 
 Amend the Sub-clause as follows: 
 34.6 After the words 'shall' add the following words "at his own cost and e xpense". 
 After the word 'Government' add the words "the Employer". 
 Delete the word 'or' and replace with "and". 
 
 Alcoholic Liquor or Drugs 
 34.8 Delete the words 'his Subcontractor' and replace with the following 
 "such person or contractors employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution and completion of the Works o r any part thereof, his". 
 
 
 Festivals and Religious Customs 
 Add Para: 
 34.10 The Contractor shall also duly cater in all his planning of Work and progress: for harvest seasons, monsoons, extremes of weather, or recognized holidays and religious holidays etc. such that any delay is precluded. 
 
 Compliance by Subcontractors 
 34.12 Delete the Sub-clause 
 
 
 
 Labour Conditions 
 Add the following Sub-Clause as follows: 
 34.13 The Contractor acknowledges that some or all other contractors or suppliers or persons working at or delivering to or for the Site or the Work being carried out at or near the Site may be union members or non-union members. However, in any event labour peace shall be maintained at the Site. The Contractor shall carry out the Works in a manner which ensures that there are no labour problems, work stoppages, or other labour disputes or disruptions which might affect the Works, any other work at the Site or the Employer's operations. The Contractor warrants and confirms that no agreement with his employees or trade unions representing his employees or between his, suppliers and their employees or labour unions representing those employees will affect the Contractor's performance under the Contract, any other work at the Site or the Employer's operations. The Contractor acknowledges that the Site is considered an open site, not exclusively union or non-union. 
 
 Materials, Plant and Workmanship 
 
 Quality of Materials, Plant and workmanship 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows 
 36.1 In para 36.1 (a) add the words “in accordance with Good Industry Practices: 
 
 Add the following Sub-clauses as follow: 
 36.1.1 Warranties and Guarantees 
 Without prejudice to any other warranties expressed elsewhere in the Contract the Contractor warranties to the Employer that the Works and each part thereof: 
 
 shall be executed with al l skill a nd care to be expected of appr opriately qualified and experienced contractors with experience in carrying out works o f a similar type, nature and complexity to the Works; 
 
 shall be completed and executed in accordance with the Tender / Contract requirements, Specifications and industry standards. Each and every part of the Works shall be fit for the purposes for which such parts are intended (awareness of which the Contractor acknowledges) and have strength and durability reasonably to be expected of high quality and reliable Materials and constructions; 
 
 shall be executed and constructed so that they are capable of being used in accordance with the requirements of the Contract in a safe, and efficient manner and free from any unreasonable risk to the health and well-being of persons using them and free from any avoidable risk of pollution, nuisance, interference or hazard, 
 
 is fit for the purpose described in the Contract; 
 
 comply or will comply at Taking Over, Defects Liability Period and useful expected life of such a construction with the Specification as described in the Contract; and 
 
 The Contractor warrants that it possesses the necessary skill, experience, knowledge , resources and expertise for the execution and completion of the Works all as specified in more detail in this Contract. 
 
 Amend the Clause to read as follows: 
 
 Cost of Samples 
 36.2 All samples for the materials supplied by the Contractor (if any) shall be supplied by the Contractor at his own cost if the supply thereof is clearly intended by or provided for in the Contract. 
 Add to Sub-Clause: 
 Even if not specifically mentioned or provided elsewhere in the Contract, the Contractor , if supplying the material, shall be required to submit at Site at his c ost, samples of all materials of construction; sand, aggregates, formwork, finishing materials like tiles, floors, walls, dodos, skirting, electrical- conduits, c ables, junction boxes, DB's, switches, fittings and electrical and sanitary fixtures, pipes and specials, valves, gulley and floor traps, gratings, Rainwater pipes, epoxies, mortars, admixtures etc., and doors and windows and hardware, paints, painted surfaces for approval of paint colours and finish and polish finish etc.; for approval of the Engineer / Employer and samples of manufactured components or fittings (even if branded or model identified in BOQ) shall be provided by the Contractor for selection of the Employer / Engineer before purchase orders are placed or procurement done. 
 
 Similarly, the Contractor shall produce a “Mock-up” of rooms, floors-walls jointing of tiles and other work-components for approval of the Employer / Engineer before materials are procured and applied in Works 
 
 Where necessary tests will be performed on samples as specified and as directed by the Engineer / Employer at cost to the Contractor. 
 
 Cost of Tests not Provided for 
 36.4 After the words ‘ preparation of the materials or Plant tested, add the following words:- 
 
 “whether or not it|” 
 Engineer's Determination where Tests not Provided for 
 
 36.5 Amend the Sub -clause to read as follows: 
 
 "Notwit hstanding anything contained i n the Contract, where, pursuant to Sub -clause 36.4, this Sub-Clause applie s, the Contractor shall only be entitle d to an extension of time to which the Contractor may be entitled under Clause 44 which shall be determined by the Engineer, after due consultation with the Employer." 
 
 
 Add the following new Sub-Clause: 
 36.7 All materials and supplies shall be regularly checked by the Contractor before use to ensure their compliance to agree quality and origin as specified in the C ontract. Its necessary and contemporary record shall be kept by the Contractor and these shall be open for inspection by Engineer or his authorized representative. 
 Inspection of Operations 
 37.1 Delete the first line and replace as under: 
 
 "The Engineer and the Employer or any other person authorized by the Engineer or the Employer shall at all reasonable times .. ." 
 
 Inspection and Testing 
 
 Add the following in the Sub- clause:- 
 37.2 Add the words "or the Employer" after the word 'Engineer' in the first line and in the fifth l ine. 
 Dates for Inspection and Testing 
 37.3 Amend the Sub-Clause first 3 Lines to read as follows:- 
 "The Engineer and the Emplo yer has the right to inspect at construction S ite and to test any material used by the Contractor without any prior notice but in the presence of the Contractor or his representative (s) . The Contractor shall arrange and facilitate at his cost, the ins pection and approval of the Employer / Engineer at the place of Vendor's man ufacture of branded or specified items before p urchase o rders are made or proc urement done. However for inspection at external prem ises”, the Engineer shall give the Contractor … ….. 
 Rejection 
 37.4 Read 8 th line as: 
 “objections with reasons. Any rejected material shall be separately placed and marked “REJECTED’ to ensure its non-use and urgent removal from the Site shall be done.” The Contractor shall then promptly make ….. 
 
 Independent inspection 
 
 37.5 In last line replace “fourteen (14) days” with “four (4) days” 
 Removal of Improper Work, Material and Re-execution 
 39.1 Add the following para at the end: 
 The Contractor shall be liable of removal of improper work and rejected materials or works, and re-execute the job or part thereof at his own expense. 
 
 Suspension of Work 
 
 40.1 Delete para 40.1(c). 
 
 
 Engineer's Determination 
 following Suspension 
 
 Amend the Sub-clause as follows: 
 40.2 "Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, where, pursuant to Sub-Clause 40.1, this Sub-Clause applies, the Contractor shall only be entitled to an extension of time to which the Contractor may be entitled under Clause 44, which shall be determined by the Engineer, after due consultation with the Employer." 
 Suspension lasting more than 84 Days 
 40.3 Add the following new para 
 "If the progress of the whole of the Works is suspended pursuant to sub-clauses (a), (b) and (d) of sub-clause 40.1 by the Employer and such suspension if continues for a period of eighty-four (84) days from the date of suspension, in such an event the Contractor and the Employer shall mutually agree as to whether to proceeds with the Works or to terminate the Contract. If Contractor and Employer mutually agree to terminate the Contract in such an event the Contractor shall only be entitled to such payments as specified in Sub-clause 65.8." 
 
 Failure to Give Possession 
 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows : 
 42.2 "If the Contractor suffers delay d ue to failure on the part of the 
 Employer to give possession of Site in accordance with the terms of Sub Clause 42.1, then in such an even notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, the Contracto r shall o nly be entitled to extension of time to which the Contractor is entitled under Clause 44 which shall be determined by the Enginee r, after due consultation with the Employer." 
 
 
 Extension of Time for Completion. 
 Add new para to Clause 44.1 : 
 44.1 “The Contractor shall be entitled only for such extension of time for the execution of the Works, or any section or part thereof, which are specifically provided for the clauses 6, 27, 36, 40, 42, 65 and for any additional work approved by the Employer pursuant to Sub-Clause 51.3 of the Contract. If the Contractor requires any extension of time for which there is no provision in the Contract, it shall be the sole discretion of the Employer whether to grant such extension of time or not.” 
 
 Interim Determination of Extension 
 44.3 Delete the following sentences: 
 "In both such cases the Engineer shall m ake his determination after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor and shall notify the Contractor of the determination, with a copy to the Employer. No final review shall result in a decrease of any extension of time already determined by the Engineer." 
 Replace the above deleted lines with the following: 
 "However , in both cases the Engineer shall make his determination after obtaining prior approval from the Employer of any such extension. Upon approval by the Employer, the Engineer shall notify the Contractor of the final approved determination, with a copy to the Employer." 
 
 
 
 Contractor to Indemnify Employer 
 
 
 
 Commencement and Delays 
 Add the following Sub-Clauses 
 45.2 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer from and against any liability for damages on account of nois e and disturbance created while or in carrying out W ork s on the Site(s) and from and against all claims demands proceedings costs charges and expenses whatsoever in regard or in relation to such liability. 
 
 
 Liquidated Damages for Delay 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows 
 47.1 Delete the words: 
 ‘(which sum shall be the only monies due from the Contractor for such default)’. 
 
 Bonus for Early Completion of Works 
 
 47.3 Delete the Sub-Clauses. 
 
 
 Taking over of Sections or Parts 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows: 
 48.2 Opening para and sub clause (a) and (b) of clause 48.2 is amended to read as follows: 
 
 "Simil arly, in a ccordance with the procedure set out in Sub- C lause 48.1 , if the Employ er instructs the Contractor to complete any Section or parts o f the Works to be completed withi n particular period of time, in such an event the Contractor shall complete the Works and the Engineer shall issue the Taking Over Certificate in accordance with the procedure provided in Clause 48.1 in respect of: 
 
 any Section in respect of which a separate Time for Completion is provided in the Appendix A to Tender and such Section has successfully passed any required Tests on Completion to the satisfaction of the Engineer, or 
 
 any substantial part of the Permanent Works which have been completed and have successfully passed any required Tests on Completion to the satisfaction of the Engineer." 
 
 Add to Para to Sub-Clause after (c): 
 
 Provided , however , that the Employer shal l have the right to use the building or foundations or parts of the building or foundations before it is completed, for Employer's use or work therein or thereon. 
 
 Substantial Completion of Parts 
 
 48.3 Delete the Sub-Clause 
 
 
 Date of Taking-Over 
 
 
 Add Sub-Clause: 
 48.5 The decision of the Employer / Engineer as to t he date of Taking-Over of the Works or Sections thereof, sh all be fi nal and binding o n the Contractor. 
 
 
 Defects Liability Period 
 DEFECTS LIABILITY 
 Amend the sub-clause 
 49.1 Sub-Clause 49.1 (a) shall be amended to read as follows: 
 “(a) from the date of the issuance of the Taking-Over Certificate in accordance with clause 48, or” 
 
 Cost of Remedying Defects 
 49.3 Delete the following lines: 
 “If, in the opinion of the Engineer, such necessity is due to any other cause, he shall determine an addition to the Contract Price in accordance with Claus e 52 and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the employer”. 
 
 
 
 Latent Defects 
 Add the following Sub-Clause: 
 50.2 “In case if there is any latent defect caused in the Works, for which the Contractor was proven responsible, at any time before or after Defects Liability Period, but not later than five (5) years from the date of issuance of Defects Liability Certificate, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable for removing any such defects in the Works and accordingly be liable for damage and loss caused suffered by the Employer due to such defects". 
 
 
 
 
 Variations Cost impact to be got approved 
 ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS AND OMISSIONS 
 Add the following new Sub-clause: 
 51.3 The Contractor shall get prior approval of the Employer of any 
 additional work due to variation or ordered change in construction by the Engineer / Employer, in quantities that shal l result in cost and/or time increase, before execution of this additional work. 
 Additional Items/ Rates for Extra Items not included in the BOQs/Summary of Cost. 
 Add the following Sub-Clause: 
 52.1.1 The Employer / Engineer may require addition to works. For the extra items that are not included in the BOQs nor can be derived from Tender Rates, the Item Rate / Unit Cost for these shall be evaluated on the basis of Direct Cost of material &amp; labour cartage, T&amp;P &amp; wastage, +25% for Overheads, Profit and all local, provincial or federal taxes , exclusive of provincial sales tax on construction services under PSTSA 2012 . The Extra Item rates and their total impact of cost and/or time are subject to approval of the Employ er before carrying out the work items. 
 
 Variations Exceeding 15% 
 52 . 3 A dd the following to the Clause: 
 "Notwithstanding'' the p rovisions of C lause 52.1 and 52.2, all unit Item Rates quoted b y the C ontractor will be val id for any increase or decrease in the actu al qua ntities, and the Contractor shall have no claim whatsoe ver due to increase or decreas e in the total cost of Contract Price up to 15% of Contract Price or for altogether deletion of some items o f BOQ. F urther that after the award the quantities related to unit rates can be extended to cover further additional work, as agreed by the P arties. 
 Day work 
 52.4 Delete Sub-Clause 52.4 along with its reference and the words "daywork" appearing elsewhere in the Conditions of Contract. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Payment of Claims 
 PROCEDURE FOR CLAIMS 
 Amend the Sub-clause as follows : 
 
 53.4 Replace the following words "due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor," with the following words "ob taining approval of the Employer" 
 
 Customs Clearance 
 54.3 Before the word 'where required' in the first line the following words shall be added, “ but not bound to do so, ” . 
 Re-export of Contractor’s Equipment 
 
 54.4 For words 'where required' in the third Line the following words shall be replaced "but not bound to do so,". 
 
 
 
 Incorporation of Clause in Contractor’s employed persons contract and hired contractor’s contract 
 
 Amend the Title and the Sub-clause as follows: 
 
 54.7 The Contractor while entering into any c ontract for employing or hiring services of any person or contractors for the execution and completion of any part of the Works, shall incorporate in such contract (by reference or otherwise) the provisions of this Clause in relation to such contractor's Equipment, Temporary Works or Materials brought on to the Site by such person or contractors. 
 
 
 
 
 Works to be measured 
 MEASUREMENT 
 Amend the Clause as follows 
 56.1 Delete the words 
 ‘except as otherwise stated,’ 
 Add the follow new para at the end: 
 “Notwithstanding anything contained in clauses 55.1, 56.1 and 60, the Engineer shall measure the Works or any part thereof executed by the Contractor at the Site and confirm the correct, executed and approved Permanent Works. The Contractor shall only be entitled to such payments and against such Works that have been approved by the Engineer subject to the terms and conditions of this Contract.” 
 
 
 
 Definition of “Provisional Sum” 
 
 PROVISIONAL SUMS 
 58.1 Delete the Sub-Clause and any and all references to “Provisional Sums” from the Contract. 
 Use of Provisional Sums 
 
 58.2 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 Production of Vouchers 
 
 58.3 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 
 
 Definition of “Nominated Sub-contractors” 
 
 NOMINATED SUB-CONTRACTORS 
 
 59.1 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 
 Nominated Sub- conractors ; Objection to Nomination 
 
 59.2 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 Design Requirements to be Expressly Stated 
 
 59.3 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 Payments to nominated Sub-Contractor 
 
 59.4 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 Certification of Payments to Nominated Subcontractors 
 
 59.5 Delete the Sub-Clause . 
 
 Certificates and Payment 
 
 
 Monthly Statements 
 
 Amend the Sub-Clause 
 60.1 Reference to clause ‘15.1’ shall be read as “53.4”. 
 Monthly Payments 
 60.2 In para (b), at end of 2 nd line after Employer, add “including mobilization or any other advance installment due.” 
 Payment of Retention Money 
 60.3 Add the following after the words “one half of the Retention Money” the words “against a bank guarantee from a scheduled bank of Pakistan” 
 
 
 60.8 In the second line replace the word ‘Engineer’ with the word “Employer”. 
 
 Delete the following words “to the Employer” 
 
 Time for Payment 
 
 60.10 Delete the last 5/6 lines “In the event of … Clause 69”. 
 Secured Advance on Materials 
 
 60.11 Delete the Sub-Clause. 
 Financial Assistance to Contractor 
 60.12 Add the following lines after sub-clause (a) 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be paid by the Employer to the Contractor within ten (10) working days of the date of Mobilization Advance Guarantee furnished by the Contractor in accordance with the Agreement. 
 
 
 Defects Liability Certificate 
 Amend the Sub-Clause 
 62.1 In the second and sixth line replace the word ‘Engineer’ with “Employer” and delete the words ‘and delivered to the Employer’. 
 
 In the twelfth line of clause 62.1 delete the word 'not'. 
 
 
 
 Default of Contractor 
 
 REMEDIES 
 
 63.1 In Sub-clause 63.1 (b) and (c) the '28 d ays' shall be replaced with "10 days". 
 After sub-clause (e) add the following new sub-clause; 
 f) liability to pay the Liquidated damages under the Contract has reached its maximum limit as specified in the Appendix A to Tender. 
 
 Payment After Termination 
 
 63.3 Amend the Sub-Clause to read as follows: 
 "If t he Employer terminates the Contract or's employment under the Clause 63.1, he shal l not be liable to pay the Contractor any further amount including any damages or any other direct or indirect loss suffered by the Contractor due to such termination. The Employer shall be entitled to receive from Contractor, amount equivalent to actual damages, whether direct or indirect, suffered by it due to such termination of Contractor’s employment and the Contractor shall be liable to pay such amount of actual damages to the Employer subject to a maximum limit of up to 30% of the Contract Price under this Contract.” 
 
 Special Risks 
 
 No Liability for Special Risks 
 65.1 Amend (b) to read, “destruction of or damage to property of the Employer”. 
 
 Amend (c ) to read: “Injury, loss of life, temporary or permanent disablement of persons of the Employer or third parties”. 
 
 
 Damage to Works by Special Risks 
 Amend the sub-clause as follows: 
 65.3 Delete the following words, starting from the fourth line: 
 “ shall be entitled to payment in accordance with the Contract for any Permanent Works duly executed and for any materials or Plant so destroyed or damaged and, so far as may be required by the Engineer or as may be necessary for the completion of the Works, to payment for: 
 rectifying any such destruction or damage to the Works, and 
 
 (b) replacing or rectifying such mate rials or Contractor's Equipment and the Engineer shall determine an addition to the Contract Price in accordance with Clause 52 (which shall in the cas e of the cost of replacement of Contractor's Equipment include the fair market value thereof as determined by the Engineer) and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. ” 
 
 Replace the deleted words with the following; 
 "shall only be entitled to such payments as described in clause 65.8(a) and (b), which shall be determined by the Employer with copy to the Contractor." 
 Projectile Missile 
 65.4 Amend the first line: 
 "Destruction, damage, injury, loss of life, temporary or permanent disablement of persons of the Employer" caused by the explosion or impact … ….. ” 
 
 Removal of Contractor’s Equipment on Termination 
 65.7 Delete the words ‘his subcontractor to do so and replace with the following words 
 
 “such person or contractors employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution and completion of the Works or any part thereof” 
 
 Payment if Contract Terminated 
 65.8 Delete sub-clause 65.8 paras (c), (e) and (f) 
 
 In the last paragraph delete the following words: 
 
 ‘after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, be determined by the Engineer who shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer.’ 
 
 Replace the deleted words with the following words: 
 
 “be determined by the Employer.” 
 
 Add the following new Sub-clauses after Sub-clause 65.8: 
 
 
 65.9 If there occurs an event constituting Special Risks which shall mean actual happening and not a mere threat or apprehension of occurrence of the above mentioned events, the Contractor shall give immediate written notice of the occurrence of such Special Risks to the Employer or as soon thereafter as is practicable, including a statement describing the effect of such occurrence of Special Risks upon the performance under this Contract, and any time delay. 
 
 
 65.10 In the event of Special Risks, unless otherwise directed by the Employer in writing, the Contractor shall continue to undertake the Work under the Contract as far as is reasonably practicable. However, Time for Completion shall be extended with a period equal to the period of occurrence of such Special Risks as approved by the Employer, if the Contractor was prevented from performing its obligation during such period under this Contract. 
 
 
 65.11 Special Risks shall not include ( i ) a ny event which is caused by the negligence, omission or intentional act of the Contractor or suppliers, vendors or employees or other contractors employed or hired by him , nor (ii) any event which a reasonable contractor could have been expected to both: ( a) take into account at the time of the signing of this Contract; and (b) avoid or overcome in the carrying out of its obligations herein. 
 
 
 65.12 If the Contractor wishes to invoke an event of Special Risks, it shall give immediate notice to the Employer of the commencement and the cessation of such event, failing which the Contractor shall not be discharged from liability for any non-performance caused by such event of Special Risks. 
 
 
 
 
 Engineer’s Decision 
 RELEASE FROM PERFORMANCE 
 
 Amend the Sub-Clause as follows: 
 66.1 In the second last and last line the reference to ‘Clause 65 shall be read as “Clause 65.8” 
 
 
 Settlement of Disputes 
 
 Engineer’s Decision 
 67.1 In first and third paragraph replace the word ‘eighty-fourth’ with the words “thirtieth”. 
 In third paragraph in fourth and sixth line replace the word ‘seventieth’ with the words “thirtieth” 
 
 In third paragraph replace the word ‘84’ with the words “30” 
 
 In fourth paragraph replace the word 'seventieth' with the words "thirtieth" 
 
 Amicable Settlement 
 
 67.2 Replace the word 'fifty-sixth' with the words "twenty-eight". 
 Arbitration 
 67.3 In the last line of the clause delete the following words 
 'as stated in Appendix A to Tender' 
 Replace the deleted words with following word 
 "Lahore". 
 
 
 Default of Employer 
 
 Default of Employer 
 
 69.1 The sub-clauses (a) and (b) shall read as follows: 
 Failing to pay to the Contractor the amount due under any payment certificate approved by the Engineer within twenty-eight ( 28 ) working days after the expiry of the time stated in Appendix A to Tender within which payment is to be made, subject to any deduction that the Employer is entitled to make under the Contract, or 
 
 interfering with or obstructing or refusing, without cause, any required approval required from the Engineer to the issue of any such certificate, or 
 In last Para, read “ twenty-eight (28) working days” in lieu of “14 days” 
 
 Removal of Contractor’s Equipment 
 
 69.2 Read “ twenty-eight (28) ” in lieu of “14 days” 
 
 
 69.3 Delete the following words: 
 "but, in addition to the payments specified in Sub-Clause 65.8, the Employer shall pay to the Conte, e amount of any loss or damage to the Contractor arising out of or in connection with or by consequence of such termination" 
 Contractor’s Entitlement to Suspend Work 
 
 69.4 Delete this Sub-Clause 
 Resumption of Work 
 
 69.5 Delete this Sub- Clause 
 
 CHANGES IN COST AND LEGISTATION 
 
 
 Increase or decrease of Contract Price 
 Amend the Sub-clause to read as follows: 
 70.1 The Contract shall be on Item Rate ba sis and the Contractor shall be deemed to have allowed in his rates and prices for the risk of any rise or fall in the prices of materials. Labour wages / remuneration, terms and conditions of employment of labour and staff, consumables, fuel, power, freight, transportation, handling, incidentals etc., Site conditions and difficulties for any reason whatsoever whether arising from statutory or l egal requirements and instructions of the Provincial or Federal Governments or other bodies and authorities, or otherwise however. 
 
 If any delay in the Time for Completion is caused due to the reasons solely attributable to the Contractor, which shall be determined by the Employer, in such an event, there shall be no increase or decrease in the Contract Price for the execution of Works as per 70.3 to 70.8. 
 Subsequent Legislation 
 
 70.2 Delete Sub-Clause 70.2 
 Increase or Decrease of Cost 
 Add Contract the following new clauses as 70.2 to 70.8: 
 70.2 The Contract rates and prices shall remain firm and valid during the Contract Period, except that these shall be adjusted in respect of the rise or fall in the cost of labor and high-speed diesel, as specified below, for permanent Works by applying to such amount the formula prescribed below. 
 
 Adjustment Formula 
 70.3 
 The adjustment to the monthly statements in respect of changes in cost shall be determined from the following formula: 
 
 Ln Cn 
 Pn = A + b ______ + c ______ 
 Lo Co 
 
 Where: 
 Pn is a price adjustment factor to be applied to the amount for the payment of the work carried out in the subject month, determined in accordance with Paragraph 60.1(a), and with Paragraphs 60.1 (b) and (e), where any variations and day work are not otherwise subject to adjustment; 
 
 A is a constant, representing the nonadjustable portion in Contractual payments; 
 
 b, c, etc., are weightages or coefficients representing the estimated proportion of each cost element ( labour , and h igh-speed d iesel) in the Works or Sections thereof; as given in Sub-clause 70.7, and the sum of A, b, c, shall be one (1). 
 Ln, Cn, are the current cost indices or reference prices of the cost elements for month "n", determined p ursuant to Sub-Clause 70.5, applicable to each cost element; and 
 
 Lo, CO, are the base cost indices or reference prices corresponding to the above cost elements at the date specified in Sub-Clause 70.5. 
 
 
 Source of Indices and Weightages 
 70.4 
 The source of indices shall be the Government of Pakistan Federal Bureau of Statistics Monthly Statistical Bulletin, as proved by the Engineer. 
 Base, Current, Indices 
 
 70.5 
 
 The base cost indices or prices shall be those prevailing on the day twenty-eight ( 28 ) days prior to the latest date for submission of bids. Current indices or prices shall be those prevailing on the day twenty-eight ( 28 ) days prior to the l ast day of the period to which a particular monthly statement is related. If at any time the current indices are not available, provisional indices as determined by the Engineer will be used, subject to subsequent correction of the amounts paid to the Contractor when the current indices become available. 
 
 Adjustment after Completion 
 
 70.6 If the Contractor fails to complete the Works within the Time for Completion prescribed under Clause 43, adjustment of prices thereafter until the date of completion of the Works shall be made using either the indices or prices relating to the prescribed time for completion, or the current indices or prices, whichever is more favorable to the Employer, provided that if an extension of time is granted pursuant to Clause 44, the above provision shall apply only to adjustments made after the expiry of such extension of time. 
 
 Cost Elements for Specified Materials &amp; Weightages 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 70.7 
 Cost 
 Element 
 Description 
 Weightage 
 ( i ) 
 Fixed Portion (A) 
 0.740 
 (ii) 
 Labour (b) 
 0.200 
 (iii) 
 High Speed Diesel (c) 
 0.060 
 
 Total 
 1.000 
 
 Indices for (ii) are to be taken from the Government of Pakistan Federal Bureau of Statistics Monthly Statistical Bulletin. The base cost indices or prices shall be those applying twenty-eight (28) days prior to the latest day for submission of bids. Current indices or prices shall be those applying twenty-eight (28) days prior to the last day of the billing period. 
 
 Any fluctuation in the indices or prices of materials other than those given above shall not be subject to adjustment of the Contact Price. 
 
 For Labour Element of 0.200 weightage, 40% is taken as cost of unskilled and 60% as cost of skilled labour (such as Carpenter, Mason, Fitter, Electrician, Welder, Labour /Supervisor and Machinery operator). 
 
 70.8 Notwi thstand ing anything contained in S ub- C lauses 70.1 to 70. 7 above, n o Escalation shall be allowed or paid for a variation in prices of + 5%. Escalation shall be considered only if the variation in price adjustment factor Pn is larger than 1.05, or less than 0.95. 
 
 CURRENCY AND RATES OF EXCHANGES 
 
 Rates of Exchange 
 
 71.1 Delete Sub-Clause 71.1. 
 Currency Proportions 
 
 71.2 Delete Sub-Clause 71.2. 
 Currencies of Payment for Provisional Sums 
 
 71.3 Delete Sub-Clause 71.3 
 
 Payment of Income Tax 
 
 Payment of Tax es 
 72.1 Delete the word in the C lause and replace with : 
 
 “All federal, provincial and local taxes shall be liability of contractor except Provincial Sales Tax on Construction Services under PSTSA 2012” 
 
 
 
 Payment of taxes pertaining to sub-contractors, workers etc. 
 
 Add the following new Sub-Clause: 
 
 72.2 All such federal, provincial and local taxes shall be liability of the Contractor. 
 
 Any increase in the above-mentioned taxes shall be liability of the Contractor till the final handing over and acceptance of the Works by the Employer. 
 
 E.O.B.I, social security and group insurance matters and their payments shall be dealt by the Contractor directly with the departments and an undertaking in this regard shall be submitted by the Contractor to the Employer indemnifying the Employer in this respect. 
 
 LIABILTY OF CONTRACTOR 
 
 Liability of Contractor 
 75.1 Delete the Words “his Subcontractor” and replace with the following “ his employees or contractors employed or hired for the execution and completion of Works or any part of the Works” 
 
 Delete in the second last line the words 'his Sub-contractor' and replace with the following "his employees or contractors employed or hired for the execution and completion of Works or any part of the Works". 
 
 
 Add the following Clause: 
 
 Patent Rights and 
 Technical Information Rights 
 77.2 In addition to Sub-Clause 28.1, following shall be valid for Patents: 
 As between the Parties, the Employer shalt retain the copyright and other intellectual property rights in any Employer's documents made by (or on behalf of) the Employer. The Contractor may, at his cost, copy, use, and obtain communication of these documents for the purposes of the Contract. They shall not, without the Employer's consent, be copied, used or communicated to a third party by the Contractor, except as necessary for the purposes of the Contract. The Contractor shall disclose all such information as the Engineer may reasonably require in order to verify the Contractor's compliance with the Contract." 
 
 Technical information, incl uding Drawings and Contractor's Documents within the context of the Contract remains the property of the Employer and may not be used by the Contractor for purposes other than the implementation of this Contract, nor may they be divulged to third parties, should the case arise, without the prio r written consent of the Employer. 
 
 For the purposes of this Contract is agreed that the Drawings and documents, on any type of media, provided to the Employer by the Contractor and contractors (if any), shall become the property of the Employer, who shall have the right us the said material without any payment or restrictions of any kind; 
 
 The Contractor shall not have the right to reuse the said Drawings and documents without the written consent of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer against any action resulting from the use of these Drawings and documents. 
 
 Improvements, made to the Employer techniques during the implementation of this Contract shall remain the property of the Employer. 
 
 Equipment Patents 
 77.3 (a) The Contractor shall protect the Employer against any action resulting from the use of all or part of the Plant and process referred to in this Contract and shall also indemnify the Employer against all expense, l oss, cost, claim or proceedings suffered or incurred by the Employer arising out of or in connection with the infringement or alleged infringement of any copyright registered design patent or other intellectual property right of third parties by any of the Works carried out by the Contractor under this Contract, but only in so far as such infringement is not caused by the Employer. The Employer shall as soon as is reasonably practicable give written notice to the Contractor in the event that any claim for such infringement or alleged infringement is received and the Contractor shall on behalf of the Employer and itself take over and conduct and defend such claim or make such settlement as it deems fit in all the circumstances. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding the above, should the Employer be sued for patent infringement through the use of equipment or other elements of the Plant and process, it shall be the responsibility of the Contractor either to obtain free right of use of this equipment for the Employer without infringement of the relevant patents, or to examine the possibility of modifying or replacing the equipment so that no infringement may occur. These responsibilities shall be carried out at no cost to the Employer. 
 A ll costs, expenses, and damages resulting directly or indirectly from infringement and / or repair and their consequences, shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 
 
 
 Confidentiality 
 Add the Sub-clause. 
 
 77.4 The Contractor agrees to respect the secrecy clauses defined below for a period of 05 (five) years beginning from the date of signature of this Contract. 
 
 Disclosure of Information 
 
 The Contractor shall not divulge to third parties information regarding the Work conducted with respect to the Contract without express written consent of the Employer. 
 
 ( b ) Confidentiality and Non-Usage 
 
 The Contractor shall consider all information received from the Employer strictly confidential, without the need for specific designation as such, and shall refrain from using said information for any purposes other than the execution of his duties with respect to this Contract. 
 
 The Contractor undertakes that confidentiality obligation includes (but without limitation): 
 
 Information directly transmitted by the Employer, in oral or written form, in the form of computer support or samples, or by means of visits to installations, meetings concerning experiments, results, processes and methods, in respect of technical, commercial, or financial aspects of the Works, Plant &amp; process or the Employer. 
 
 Information relating both to the domain referred to in this Contract as well as to other activities of which the Contractor may have indirect knowledge through meetings, visits, or any other contact. 
 
 (c) Distribution of information and Return of Documents 
 
 In keeping with the commitment to confidentiality herein prescribed, the Contractor shall only communicate the information received from the Employer to those of its employees possessing a need to know the information in the context of this Contract, or vendors after prior written consent of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall inform the above-mentioned employees or his contractors, vendors, agents, representatives and suppliers in writing as to the confidential nature of the information received from the Employer and shall compel them to respect the same rates of confidentiality as those it is committed to the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall be liable for the failure of the vendors, his employees, agents, representatives or contractors to comply with the confidentiality of obligation therein as if it was the failure of the Contractor. 
 
 The Contractor shall return all documents, in particular drawings and upon final acceptance, or the date of Contract cancellation if such cancellation occurs, at the latest. The Contractor shall also return all documents in the possession of its vendors, his employees or contractors. 
 (d) Protection of Information 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable steps, and must ensure that his employees , agents, representatives, suppliers, vendors or contractors employed or hired by it, to ensure adequate protection against theft of all documents received from the Employer. 
 Should, despite all due precautions, one or more of these documents are lost , misplaced or stolen , the Contractor agrees to inform the Employer of the loss as soon as it is discovered. 
 (e) Exceptions 
 Information not subject to the limitations of this Contract, to which express authorization to divulge need not to be granted, shall be defined as any information which the Contractor can prove as having been already in the public domain at the time , he received it, or made available to the public after receipt through no action on his part. 
 
 (f) Verification 
 
 The Employer reserves the right to verify the application of the measures taken by the Contractor to satisfy the obligations of the present cause on the premises of the Contractor, his employees, agents, representatives, contractors, employed or hired by it, or vendors, if any, at any time and without prior warning. 
 
 (g) Restricted Use 
 
 Nothing herein contained shall be construed as granting to the Contactor any right, including any license, either express or implied, under any information, except for a limited permission to use information only for the purpose defined above. 
 
 (h) Publicity 
 
 The taking of photographs of any section or part of any premises or property of the Employer is not permitted without the Employer’s prior consent in writing. 
 
 The Contra ct or shall not mention the Employer name in connection with the Contract, or disclose the existence of the Contract, or of any matter connected therewith or name of the Employer as having been its customer in any publicity material or other similar communication to third parties without the Employer's prior consent in writing. 
 ( i ) Confidentiality Agreement 
 The Contractor shall have signed and delivered the Employer's standard Confidentiality Agreement before receiving the Tender Documents, which shall be attached to the Contract. 
 
 Site Offices for the Contractor 
 Add the following Clause: 
 78 The Contractor shall construct and maintain his temporary offices and stores or trailers &amp; p re-fab units of suitable sizes and quality on the location on the Site approved for lay down a rea of the Contractor by the Engineer. The Contractor site offices etc. shall be connected to the electrical system, potable water supply system and sewage disposal system to be maintained by the Contractor independently. 
 The Contractor site offices etc . including fittings, fixtures and furnishing shal l become the property of the Contractor after the completion of the Works and shall be dismantled and removed from the Site by him. The Site then shall be cleared and developed in accordance with the directions of the Engineer. 
 
 No payment shall be made to the Contractor for this provision, and the cost shall be deemed to have been included in the quote rates and prices of other items of Summary of Cost/BOQ. 
 
 
 
 
 Supply of Water &amp; Power 
 Add the following Clause:- 
 
 79. The Contractor is responsible under this Contract for supply of power and water for construction drinking and other purposes and the Contactor shall arrange, at its own cost and expense, sufficient water storage at Site. 
 
 
 
 Generating Set 
 Add the following Clause:- 
 80. The Contrac t or shall furnis h at the Site an electric power g enerating set from the very first day of the Commencement D ate and maintain the generating set in perfect working condition through-out the duration of the Contract. The cost of this provision and operation shall be deemed to be included in the rates and prices of other BOQ’s items. The generating power of the set shall be sufficient to operate the plants and equipment used in the construction W ork at the Site. Should the set fail to meet the required demand at Site or fail to function or operate , the Contractor shall immediately replace the same with other generating set/sets to the satisfaction of the Engineer. 
 
 The Contractor shall not be entitled to any time extension on account of load shedding, non-availability of or disruption in the supply of electricity at the Site. 
 
 Concrete Batching Plant, Casting Yard &amp; Cranes etc. 
 Add the following Clause: 
 
 81. All provisions of this Clause and any other additional requirements for construction at the desired speed for the Works of laying of concrete shall be covered by unit rates in BOQ items and no additional compensation shall be payable to the Contractor. 
 
 Safety Incentives 
 Add the following Clauses: 
 
 82.1 Adherence to safety in all activities is of prime importance for his Contract. Further to requirements of safety in other Sub-clauses, the Contractor shall be obliged to follow any instructions or requirements of the Employer or Engineer as per Contractor’s Safety Hand Book at all times. 
 
 82.2 The Employer requires these rules and practices to be in force at all places and at all times at the Site and related workplace(s). The Contractor shall make visible best efforts to achieve maximum safety. 
 
 Meetings 
 Add the Clause:- 
 83 The Contractor as requir ed by the Employer shall attend periodic meetings for contract review or any other related matters and shall comply with any directions or instruction issued by the Engineer's Representative or arising out of the meetings. 
 Servic eability 
 Add the Clause:- 
 84 If any provision(s) of this Contract and the Appendices attached hereto, and all other documents referred to herein or therein shall, to any extent, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any given Pakistan jurisdiction, or any Pakistan Government agency or authority shall require the parties to delete any provision of this Contract as a condition of validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Contract in any given jurisdiction, such invalidity illegality, unenforceability or deletion shall not impair or effect the remaining provisions of this Contract, or the validity or unenforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor through good faith and negotiation to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable or deleted provisions by valid provisions, the economic effect of which confers as close as legally possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable or deleted provision. 
 
 In all matters concerning the replacement of such provisions, the Employer’s decision shall be binding on the Contractor.