AGREEMENT TO SELL 
 
 This Agreement to Sell (the “Agreement”) is made at Lahore on this [•] day of [•] , 20 2[•] by and between : 
 
 MR. USMAN ZAFAR CHEEMA s/o Zafar Iqbal Cheema , bearing CNIC No. 61101-1979339-9 , resident of Gulberg Green, House No. 84, Street 19, Block A, Islamabad (hereinafter referred as the “ Seller ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the ONE PART 
 
 AN D 
 
 V4 Capital , having its registered office at 3 rd Floor , 94-B/I, M.M Alam Road, Gulberg- III , Lahore, through its authorized signatory, namely [•] holding CNIC No. [•] , (hereinafter referred to as the “ Buyer ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART 
 
 ( The Seller and Buyer are hereinafter also individually referred to as “ Party ” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” ) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Seller is the absolute and lawful owner in possession of land measuring 5.33 marlas located at Plot No. 9 , Street No. 22, Sector-A , Phase 3, DHA, Islamabad (“ Property ”); and 
 
 Buyer has offered and the Seller ha s agreed to sell, transfer and convey the Property (including all rights, title and interests of the Seller in the Property) to the Buyer or its nominated third party and the Seller have represented that the Property is free from any and all encumbrances, liens, charges etc. The Buyer has, in reliance on the representations and warranties stated herein, agree d to purchase the Property from the Seller, pursuant to which the Parties are entering into this Agreement as per the terms and conditions stated herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller and the Buyer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 For the Sale C onsideration (defined below) provided in this Agreement, the Seller will se ll its right , title and interest in the Property to the Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be amended on written mutual consent between the Parties . 
 
 The following documents (duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale and purchase of the Property, and shall override any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the Property hereof and constitute the sole and only agreement between the parties with respect to the said Property. 
 
 This Agreement to Sell 
 Annexure A: Condition Precedent 
 Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 SALE CONSIDERATION 
 
 The Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall buy the Property and all the rights attached thereto for a total consideration of Rs. [•] ( Pak Rupees [•] ) (the “ Sale Consideration ”) . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Sale Consideration above shall constitute the full and final payment payable by the Buyer to the Seller for the purchase of the Property, and no further charges or fees of whatsoever nature shall be payable to the Seller with respect to the sale of the Property or in connection with any construction or development thereon by the Buyer . 
 
 PAYMENT 
 
 3.1 The Seller acknowledges that it has received the Sale Consideration from the Buyer at the time of signing of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this payment shall be treated as full and final settlement between the Parties with respect to the sale of the Property. 
 
 OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The Seller undertake s not to enter into any agreement to sell or any other instrument with any third party for the sale of the Property during the subsistence of this Agreement . 
 
 The Seller shall, upon deposit of Sale Consideration as per clause 3. 1 above : 
 
 sell, transfer and convey all the rights, title, and interest in the Property in the name of the Buyer or its third party nominated by the Buyer and do and cause to be done all acts necessary and ancillary thereto; 
 
 perform all acts and execute all documents that may be necessary to affect the sale and transfer of the Property from the Seller to the Buyer or its nominated third party , as specified in Annexure A ; 
 
 deliver the peaceful physical and vacant possession of the Property to the Buyer or its nominated third party ; and 
 
 entitle the Buyer or its nominated third party , at all times hereafter to peacefully enjoy the Property and any building and structures which may be created thereon and to receive the rents and profits thereof without any hindrance, interruption, claim or demand, whatsoever, from or by the Seller or any other person or persons claiming, whether in law or in equity, through or under the Seller and to further sell, divide, alienate, gift, m ortgage or otherwise dispose of the Property. 
 
 The Seller shall , from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer , do and execute or cause to be done and executed, at the cost of the Buyer, all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer or its nominated third party all the rights, title and interest of the Seller in or to the Property. 
 
 
 WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS BY THE SELLER 
 
 The Seller hereby further covenant, represent and warrant that the Seller : 
 
 shall fulfil its obligations under Clause 4 and the co nditions precedent in Annexure A of this Agreement; 
 
 or their agents or representatives , have not done any act whereby the Seller right to transfer the Property , along with the possession thereof, is impaired or jeopardized in any manner. However, if a defect in title or possession is discovered subsequently by operation of law or any other legal restriction or if any person, including persons claiming under the Seller or any public or local authority shall raise any objection, claim or demand, or allege any right in respect of the Property which is in the opinion of the Buyer, adverse to the Buyer’s interest, the Seller shall indemnify and hold the Buyer or its nominated third party harmless from all such claims and the Buyer or its nominated third party shall also have the right to claim appropriate damages and compensation from the Seller; 
 
 shall from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer do and execute or cause to be done and execute d at the cost of the Buyer all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer or its nominated third party all the rights, title and interest of t he Seller in or to the Property; 
 
 have clear title and have full rights, powers and lawful authority to transfer, sell and convey all its rights, title and interest in the Property to the Buyer or its nominated third party . The Property is free and clear from all disputes, claims, liens, mortgages, charges, burdens and encumbrances whatsoever. The Seller further warrants and represents that it has not done or caused or suffered to be done any act, deed, matter or thing whereby its right to transfer, sell and convey all its rights, title and interests in the Property free and clear of claims, litigation, revenue demands, liens, mortgages, charges, burdens or encumbrances of any nature to the Buyer has been or may be impaired or impeached; 
 
 The Seller shall assist , if the Buyer so desires, in the registration of the Buyer’s or its nominated third party’s right in the property in the relevant land registry, under the Registration Act, 1908 and for transfer / mutation of the Property in the name of the Buyer in the revenue records pertaining to the Property and in this connection and shall execute all such deeds and assist in all such things, which may be necessary for registration of the sale deed and for completely transferring all rights and title in the Property to the Buyer in the revenue record pertaining to the Property; 
 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 T he Seller shall indemnify the Buyer and its nominated third party against all claims, damages, losses, costs, expenses, encumbrances, charges etc. arising out of any defect in title of the Seller to the Property or possession, or out of any representation, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct or complied with . 
 
 T he Seller agrees that in the event the Property is not free from encumbrances, such as dispute related to its title, lien, charge, benefit or any interest whatsoever, whether existing or created or purporting to exist or be created, and whether present, future or contingent, including those in the nature of sale, agreement to sell, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, charge (whether fixed or floating), adverse possession, or any other rights or encumbrances generally or any other adverse claim of any kind whatsoever on the Property, preventing the Buyer from enjoying the Property, in whole or any part thereof, the Seller shall be liable for any loss/damage to the Buyer or its nominated third party . 
 
 The Seller hereby agrees to keep and hold the Buyer or its nominated third party secured, harmless, indemnified against all losses and detriments occasioned or suffered by the Buyer or its nominated third party owing to any claim, suit or demand, made or preferred by any person or any regulatory authority on account of any act or omission of the Seller or by reason of any defect in the title or right s of the Seller in all or any part of what is conveyed or to execute this Agreement. In case any defect or irregularity is subsequently found in the Seller title to the Property or any part thereof, the Seller shall be jointly and severally liable and shall , on notice by the Buyer or its nominated third party , remove and/or cure any such defect or irregularity to the satisfaction of the Buyer or its nominated third party within thirty (30) days of the said notice. 
 
 
 BUYER’S WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 
 
 The Buyer acknowledge s and warrants that the Buyer shall make the payment of Sale C onsideration as specified in Clause 3. 1 strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 
 
 The Buyer acknowledge and warrants that the Buyer shall pay all taxes pertaining to possession, registration, stamp duties, transfer fees, assessments, or related fees, costs, duties and charges as may be required to affect the transfer and issue of title documents in favor of the Buyer or its nominated third party . 
 
 
 GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION 
 
 8.1 The Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to the Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan, with the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to the Agreement will be resolved amicably between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to and settled by arbitration under the Arbitration Act of 1940. 
 
 NOTICES 
 
 9.1 Without prejudice to the right to serve notice by any other means, any notice required to be served under the Agreement shall be in writing in the English language and shall be deemed sufficiently served forty-eight (48) hours after it has been mailed by registered post or twenty-four (24) hours if served through e-mail to the address of the Party to be served that is set out in the Agreement to Sell or to such other address of which a notice has been previously given by the Party. 
 
 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 10.1 The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 All additions, amendments and variations to this Agreement shall be binding only if in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and shall be executed in the form of an addendum, which shall be read as an integral part of this Agreement. 
 
 Subject to the terms and c onditions of the Agreement, both the Parties may terminate the Agreement in the event of brea ch of the Agreement by the other Party . 
 
 GOOD FAITH 
 
 13.1 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under the Agreement based on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party. 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 14.1 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement alone fully and completely expresses the agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. There are no other courses of dealing, understanding, agreements, representations or warranties, written or oral, except as set forth herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by a written agreement signed by all parties hereto. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 15.1 Both the Parties hereby confirm having read, understood and accepted the Agreement in its entirety, and is affixing his/her signature in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 IN WITNESS, WHEREOF both the Parties have signed this Agreement on the day, month &amp; year as first above written. 
 
 SIGNED: 
 
 
 ________________ _____ ____ 
 For and on behalf of the Seller 
 Mr. USMAN ZAFAR CHEEMA 
 CNIC No. 61101-1979339-9 
 
 ________________________ 
 For and on behalf of the Buyer 
 [•] 
 Partner, V4 Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 
 The Buyer shall, immediately upon payment of Sale Consideration and subject to completion of obligations of the Seller with respect to the condition precedents specified in Annexure A , including inter alia personal presence at the office of DHA , initiate the verification and transfer process with respect to the Property, including inter alia verification of the records of title/ownership, payment of property tax, submission of transfer documents to Defence Housing Authority Islamabad-Rawalpindi ( DHAI-R ) for further processing and assignment of transfer date. 
 
 The Seller shall from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer do and execute or cause to be done and executed at the cost of the Buyer all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer or its nominated third party all the rights, title and interest of the Seller in or to the Property 
 
 The Seller shall provide all the documents required by the Buyer for due diligence and verification of the Property with DHAI-R . 
 
 The Seller shall assist, if the Buyer so desires, in the registration of the Buyer’s right in the property in the relevant land registry, under the Registration Act, 1908 and for transfer / mutation of the Property in the name of the Buyer in the revenue records pertaining to the Property and in this connection and shall execute all such deeds and assist in all such things, which may be necessary for registration of the sale deed and for completely transferring all rights and title in the Property to the Buyer in the revenue record pertaining to the Property 
 
 The Seller shall ensure his personal presence at the DHAI-R office at the time and date of transfer of Property allocated by the Defence Housing Authority Islamabad- Rawalpindi ( DHAI-R ).