Mall 35 
 (Phase I) 
 Shoring system 
 Construction of RCC P iles, A nchorage and C apping beams 
 AT 
 Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt . 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 Mall 35 , a partnership firm, having its registered office at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its partners (1) Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan and (2) Mr. Hasan Sheikh (hereinafter referred to as the “Employer” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the first part; 
 AND 
 SWIS-TECH a company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at Plot No. A- 336, Ittefaq Town, Bahadur Khan Road, Chour Depot, Peshawar Road, Rawalpindi, Pakistan through its authorized representative Mr. Rais Agha, son of Syed Agha Shelli, holder of CNIC No. 37405-6943880-9 (hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the second part. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mall 35 
 (Phase I) 
 Shoring system 
 Construction of RCC P iles, A nchorage and C apping beams 
 AT 
 Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt . 
 
 THIS CONTRACT is made at Rawalpindi on this 27 th day of December , 2019 by and between : 
 
 Mall 35 , a partnership firm, having its registered office at 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan through its partners (1) Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan and (2) Mr. Hasan Sheikh (hereinafter referred to as the “Employer” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the first part; 
 
 AND 
 
 SWIS-TECH a company duly incorporated and existing under the l aws of Pakistan and having its registered office at Plot No. A- 336, Ittefaq Town, Bahadur Khan Road, Chour Depot, Peshawar Road, Rawalpindi , Pakistan through its authorized representative Mr. Rais Agha , son of Syed Agha Shelli , holder of CNIC No. 37405-6943880-9 (hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) of the second part. 
 
 (The Employer and Contractor shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties” ). 
 
 
 
 RECITALS 
 Whereas: 
 
 The Employer is engaged in the business of, inter alia , development and construction of land, buildings, malls, apartments ; 
 
 The Employer is desirous of constructing a shopping mall named and styled as “ Mall 35 ” on the Site ( defined below ) owned by the Employer ; 
 
 The Contractor has represented to the Employer that it is engaged in the business of and has substantial experience in, inter alia , designing , piling, excavation, construction and engineering services for major construction and civil works projects, high-rise buildings and planned townships ; 
 
 The Contractor has represented that it has the requisite K now- H ow, skill, knowledge, experience and resources required for commencing and completing the piling work s, anchorage and capping beams and that it shall be able to commence and deliver the same as per the scheduled dates discussed and agreed between the Parties as detailed in Schedule of Works ; and 
 
 The Employer, subject to the terms, conditions and representations of this Contract, and based on the aforesaid express representation of the Contractor, wishes to employ the Contractor to undertake the works for soldier piles, capping beams and anchorage of the Project for the Employer. 
 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Employer and Contractor agree as follows: 
 
 D eFI nitions and Interpretation 
 Deﬁnitions 
 In the Contract (as hereinafter deﬁned) the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them, except where the context otherwise requires: 
 
 " Appendices to Tender " means the appendices comprised in the form of Tender annexed to these Conditions. 
 
 “Bank Guarantee ” means the guarantee(s) to be provided by the Contractor to the Employer as Tender Security, as guarantee against an equivalent amount of Retention Money to be released by the Employer, for a period and in the form set out in Appendix A to Tender. 
 
 " Bidder or Tenderer " means any person or persons, company, corporation, ﬁrm or joint venture submitting a Tender. 
 
 " Bill of Quantities " means the priced and completed bill of quantities forming Part of the Tender. 
 
 " Commencement Date " means the date upon which the Contractor receives the notice to commence issued by the Employer pursuant to Clause 3 2 .1 . 
 
 
 " Contract " means this Contract for construction for RCC piles, anchorage and capping beams along with all documents and appendices listed in Clause 4.2, 
 
 “ Contractor " means SWIS-TECH and its legal successors in title, but not (except with the consent of the Employer) any assignee of such person. 
 
 “Contractor’s Documents ” shall mean and include the calculations, drawings, manuals, models, specifications, supplementary drawings and all other documents of a technical nature supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 
 " Contractor's Equipment” means all appliances , machinery and things of whatsoever nature (other than Temporary Works) required for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, but does not include Plant, materials or other things intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works. 
 
 " Contract Price " means the sum stated in the Bill of Quantities as payable to the Contractor for the execution and completion of the Works subject to such additions thereto or deductions therefrom as may be made and remedying of any defects therein in accordance with the provisions of the Contracts. 
 
 " Cost " means all expenditure properly incurred by the Contractor or to be incurred, whether on or off the Site, including overhead and other charges properly allocable thereto but does not include any allowance for profit. 
 
 " Day (s) " means calendar day (s) . 
 
 “Defects Liability Period” means period for notifying and remedying defects in the Works or sections of the Works as stated in the Contract calculated from the date as described in Clause 4 2 .1 . 
 
 “ Design ” means the design of shoring systems including soldier piles and ground anchors to be submitted by the Contractor to the Employer under this Contract. 
 
 
 “ Drawings " means all drawings, calculations , technical information of alike nature and all drawings, calculations, samples, patterns, models, operation and maintenance manuals and other technical information of a like nature submitted by the Contractor under this Contract and approved by the Employer . 
 
 " Employer " means Mall 35 and its legal successors in title and any assignee. 
 
 " Engineer " means, for the purposes of the Contract, any competent person appointed by the Employer from time to time and notiﬁed to the Contractor to act as the Engineer. 
 
 " Engineer's Representative " means a person appointed from time to time by the Engineer. 
 
 “Good Industry Practice ” means the standards, practices, methods, and procedures conforming to law and that degree of skill, diligence, prudence and foresight which would reasonably be expected from a skilled and experienced contractor engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same circumstances. 
 
 “Know-How” shall mean the know-how, technical knowledge and methods, current and accumulated experiences acquired by the Contractor as a result of practical experiences or otherwise in connection with execution of works similar to the Works, up to the date of the Contract and which are required by the Contractor for the due performance and execution of Works. 
 
 " Letter of Acceptance " means the formal acceptance by the Employer of the Tender of the Contractor . 
 
 “ Materials ” means things of all kinds intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works and/or Temporary Works, including the supply-only materials (if any) to be supplied by the Contractor under the Contract. 
 
 “Milestone ” means any event which may be the start of or, as the case may be, the completion of the w hole of a specified activity . 
 
 “Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the Guarantee to be provided to the Employer by the Contractor against mobilization advance to be given to the Contractor by the Employer in the form and manner acceptable to the Employer . 
 
 
 " Permanent Works " means the permanent works to be executed in accordance with the Contract. 
 
 " Plant” means machinery, apparatus and the like intended to form or forming; part of the Permanent Works for the execution of Works defined in this Agreement. 
 
 
 " Programme " means the programme to be submitted by the Contractor in accordance with Sub—Clause 12 , and any approved revisions thereto. 
 
 “ Retention Money " means the aggregate of all monies retained by the Employer pursuant to Sub-Clause 58.3 
 
 " Section " means a part of the Works speciﬁcally identiﬁed in the Contract as a Section. 
 
 " Site " means the places provided by the Employer where the Works are to be executed at Plot No. 35-A, Police Station Road, Saddar, Rawalpindi Cantt. 
 
 " Speciﬁcation " means the speciﬁcation of the Works included in the Contract and any modiﬁcation thereof or addition thereto or submitted by the Contractor and approved by the Employer . 
 
 “Standards ” means the applicable version of the environmental guidelines and occupational health and safety standards and technical standards of the relevant industry, including but not limited to standards relating to the protection of environment, evaluation of chemicals brought on the Site, occupational health and safety, prevention and investigation of accidents, incident, injuries, or illnesses, conditions for workmen and labour and such standards as are applicable to the Works being carried out by the Contractor at the Site. 
 
 " Taking—Over Certiﬁcate ” means a certiﬁcate issued by the Employer pursuant to Clause 4 1 .1 . 
 
 " Temporary Works " means all temporary works of every kind ( other than Contractor's Equipment ) required in or about the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein. 
 
 " Tender " means the Contractor's priced offer to the Employer for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein in accordance with the provisions of the Contract, as accepted by the Letter of Acceptance. The word” Tender " is synonymous with " Bid " and the words “ Tender Documents " with " Bidding Documents ". 
 
 " Tests on Completion " means the tests specified in the Contract or any other tests which are to be conducted and/or performed by the Contractor before the Works or any Section or part thereof are taken over by the Employer or any other tests which may be required by the Employer to check and verify the successful completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof. 
 
 " Time for Completion ” means the time for completing the execution of and passing the Tests on Completion of the Works or any Section or part thereof as stated in the Contract (or as extended under Clause 3 4.1 calculated from the Commencement Date). 
 
 " Works " mean the Permanent Works and the Temporary Works or either of them as appropriate, as more fully described in Appendix to the Contract . 
 
 “ Writing " means any hand—written, type—written, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission and e-mail . 
 Headings and Marginal Notes 
 The headings and marginal notes in these Conditions shall not be deemed part and thereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation or construction thereof or of the Contract. 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 Words importing persons or parties Shall include ﬁrms and corporations and any organization having legal capacity. 
 
 Singular and Plural 
 
 Words importing the singular only also include the Pl ural and vice versa where the context requires. 
 
 Notices, Consents, Approvals, certiﬁcate or determination 
 
 Wherever in the Contract provision is made for the giving or issue of any notice, consent, approval, certificate or determination by any person, unless otherwise, speciﬁed such notice, consent, approval, shall be in writing and the words " n otify", " c ertify" or " d etermine" Shall be construed accordingly. Any such consent, approval, certificate or determination Shall not construed unreasonably be withheld or delayed. 
 
 Engineer and Engineer's Representative 
 
 En g ineers Duties and Authority 
 
 (a) The Engineer shall carry out the duties speciﬁed in the Contract. 
 (b) If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property ( ies ) , the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of his duties and responsibilities under the Contract , instruct the Contractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. 
 (c) Except as expressly stated in the Contract, the Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of his obligations under the Contract. 
 
 Engineer Representatives 
 
 Engineer's Representative shall be appointed by and be responsible to the Engineer and shall carry out such duties and exercise such authority as may be delegated to him by the Engineer under Sub-Clause 2.3 . 
 
 The Employer shall ensure that the Engineer ‘ s Representative is a professional engineer as deﬁned in the Pakistan Engineering Council Act 1975 (V of 1976). 
 
 
 
 
 Engineer Authority to delegate 
 
 The Engineer may from time to time delegate to the Engineer's Representative any o f the duties and authorities vested in the Engineer and he may at any time revoke such delegation. Any such delegation or revocation shall be in writing and shall not take effect until a copy thereof has been delivered to the Employer and the Contractor. 
 
 Any communication given by the Engineer's Representative to the Contractor in accordance with such delegation shall have the same effect as though it had been given by the Engineer. Provided that: 
 
 any failure of the Engineer ‘s Representative to disapprove any W ork s or M aterials or Plant shall not constitute approval, and shall therefore not prejudice the right and authority of the Engineer to reject or disapprove the Works, Materials or Plant and/or to give instructions for the rectification thereof; 
 
 if the Contractor questions any determination, instruction or communication of the Engineer's Representative, he may refer the matter to the Engineer who shall conﬁrm, reverse or vary the contents of such determination, instruction or communication . 
 
 Appointment of Assistant 
 
 The Engineer or the Engineer's Representative may appoint any number of persons to assist the Engineer ’ s Representative in the carrying out of his duties under Sub - Clause 2. 3 . He shall notify to the Contractor the names, duties and scope of authority of such persons. Such assistants shall have no authority to issue any instructions to the Contractor save in so far as such instructions may be necessary to enable them to carry out their duties and to secure their acceptance of materials, Plant or workmanship as being in accordance with the Contract, and any instructions given by any of them for those purposes shall be deemed to have been given by the Engineer's Representative. 
 
 All restrictions on the Engineer and Engineer’s Representative authorities under the Contract shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any assistants, appointed pursuant to this clause, of the Engineer or Engineer’s Representatives. 
 
 Instructions in Writing 
 
 Instructions given by the Engineer shall be in writing, provided that if for any reason the Engineer considers it necessary to give any such instruction orally, the Contractor shall comply with such instruction. Confirmation in writing of such oral instruction given by the Engineer, whether before or after carrying out of the instruction, shall be deemed to be an instruction within the meaning of this Sub—Clause 2.5 . Provided further that if the Contractor, within seven (0 7 ) days, conﬁrms in writing to the Engineer any oral instruction of the Engineer and such conﬁrmation is not contradicted in writing within seven (0 7 ) days by the Engineer, it s hall be deemed to be an instruction of the Engineer. 
 
 The provisions of this Sub—Clause shall equally apply to instructions given by the Engineer’s Representative and any assistants of the Engineer or the Engineer's Representative appointed pursuant to Sub—Clause 2. 4 . 
 
 Instructions in Writing/Site Order Book 
 
 T he Contractor shall maintain at the Site a “Site Order Book” (of triplicate leaves) for taking instructions and directions of the Engineer or Employer’s representative. 
 
 Engineer to Act Impartial 
 
 Wherever, under the Contract, the Engineer is required to exercise his discretion by: 
 
 giving his decision, opinion or consent, or 
 expressing his satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor , 
 he shall exercise such discretion impartiality within the terms of the Contract and having regard to all the circumstances. Any such decision, opinion, consent, expression of satisfaction, or approval, determination of value or action may be opened up, reviewed or revised as provided in Clause 65 . 
 
 Engineer not Liable 
 
 A ny a pproval, determinations, failure to check, issuance of certificates, consents, examinations, inspections, instructions, notices, proposals, requests, tests (including Tests on Completion) or similar act of the Engineer shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its r esponsibilit ies under the Contract, including responsibility for errors, omissions, discrepancies and non-compliance and l iability for the supply of M aterials, and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Contract . N either the Engineer's authority to act nor any decision made by the Engineer in good faith as provided for under the Contract whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, his representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 
 Replacement of the Engineer 
 
 I f the Employer intend s to replace the Engineer, the Employer shall, not l ess than ten (10) days before the intended date of replacement, give notice to the Contractor, of the name, address and relevant experience of the intended replacement Engineer. Assignment and Subcontracting 
 
 Assignment and Contractor’s employees and vendors 
 
 The Contractor shall not, without the prior consent of the Employer (which consent, notwithstanding the provisions of Sub - Clause 1.5 , shall be at the sole discretion of the Employer), assign the Contract or any part thereof, or any beneﬁt or interest therein or thereunder to any third party . 
 Subcontracting 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole or any part of the Works without the prior written consent of the Employer, provided that the Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc . of such employed or hired contractors . Any hiring or employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall not create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent employees or contractors of the Contractor. The Employer shall be entitled to withhold its consent as to hiring or employment of any such independent contractor and the Contractor shall not employ or hire services of such independent contractors, with regard to whom consent was not given by the Employer. 
 
 Contract Documents 
 Languages and Law 
 
 (a) The Contract Documents Shall be drawn up in the English language. 
 (b) The Contract shall be subject to the Laws of Islamic Republic of Pakistan. 
 Priority of Contract Documents 
 4.2 The several documents forming the Contract are to be taken as mutually explanatory of one another, but in case of ambiguities or discrepancies the same shall be explained and adjusted by the Engineer who shall thereupon issue to the Contractor instructions thereon and in such event, unless otherwise provided in the Contract, the priority of the documents forming the Contract shall be as follows : 
 Th is Contract 
 Drawings, 
 Technical Specifications, 
 The priced Bill of Quantities 
 any other document duly executed by the Parties or referenced herein . 
 
 In case of discrepancies between drawings, those of larger scale shall govern unless they are superseded by a drawing of later date regardless of scale. A l l Drawings and Speciﬁcations shall be interpreted in conformity with the Contract and these Conditions. Addendum, if any, shall be deemed to have been incorporated at the appropriate place in the documents forming the Contract. 
 
 C ustody and Supply of Drawings and Documents 
 4.3 Unless it is strictly necessary for the purposes of the Contract, the Drawings, Speciﬁcation and any and all other documents related to this Contract shall not, without the consent of the Employe r , be used or communicated to a third-party Contractor. Upon issue of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate, the Contractor shall handover to the Engineer all Drawings, Speciﬁcation and other documents prepared, furnished and provided under the Contract. 
 The Contractor shall supply to the Engineer four (04) copies of all Drawings, Specification and other documents submitted by the Contractor and approved by the Engineer in accordance with Clause 7 , together with a reproducible copy of any material which cannot be reproduced to an equal standard by photocopying. In addition, the Contractor shall supply such further copies of such Drawings, Speciﬁcation and other documents as the Engineer may request in writing for the use of the Employer, who shall pay the cost thereof. 
 
 One Copy o f Drawings and Documents 
 A copy of the complete set of Drawings and Contract D ocuments with up to date revisions, provided to or supplied by the Contactor on the Site and the same shall be at all reasonable times be available for inspection and use by the E ngineer and by any personnel authorized by the Engineer in writing . 
 
 Each of the Contractor ’ s Documents shall be in the custody and care of the Contractor, unless and until taken over by the Employer. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, the Contractor shall supply to the Engineer four (04 ) copies of any proposals, documents and drawings produced by the Contractor. The Contractor shall keep, on the Site, a copy of the Contract, the Contractor ’ s Documents, and Variations and other communications given under the Contract, with up to date revisions. The Employer shall have the right of access to all these documents at all reasonable times. If a Party becomes aware of an error or defect of a technical nature in a document which was prepared for use in executing the Works, the Party shall promptly give notice to the other Party of such error or defect. 
 
 
 
 Disruption of Progress 
 
 The Contractor shall give notice to the Employer, w henever planning or execution of the Works is likely to be delayed or disrupted unless any further instruction is issued by the Engineer within a reasonable time . The notice shall include details of the instruction required and of why and by when it is required and of any delay or disruption likely to be suffered if it is late. 
 
 Delays and Cost of Delay of Drawings 
 
 If, by reason of any failure or inability of the Contractor to issue, within a time reasonable in all the circumstances, any drawing or documents the Contractor suffers delay then the Engineer shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, determine any extension of time to which the Contractor is emitted under Clause 3 4.1 and any penalties provided under this Agreement . 
 
 Failure by Contractor to Submit Drawings 
 
 If the failure or inability of the Contractor to issue any drawings or instructions is caused in whole or in part by the failure of the Employer to any documents which he is required to submit under the Contract, the Employer shall take such failure into account when making his determination pursuant to Clause 3 4.1 . 
 
 Shop Drawings 
 
 The Contractor shall submit to the Engineer for review three (0 3 ) copies of all shop and erection drawings applicable to this Contract. 
 Review and approval by the Engineer shall not be construed as a complete check but will indicate only that the general method of construction and detailing is satisfactory and that the Engineer's review or approval shall not relieve the Contractor of any of his responsibilities under the Contract. 
 
 As—Built Drawings 
 
 At the completion of the Works under the Contract, the Contractor shall furnish to the Engineer six (0 6 ) copies and one reproducible of all D rawings amended to comply with the Works as built. The price of such Drawings shall be deemed to be included in the Contract Price. 
 
 The Contractor shall prepare, and keep up-to-date, a complete set of "as-built" records of the execution of the Works, showing the exact as-built locations, sizes and details of the work as executed. These records shall be kept on the Site and shall be used exclusively for the purposes of this Sub-Clause. Two copies shall be supplied to the Engineer prior to the commencement of the Tests on Completion. 
 
 In addition, the Contractor shall supply to the Engineer as-built drawings of the Works, showing all Works as executed, and submit them to the Engineer for review. The Contractor shall obtain the consent of the Engineer as to their size, the referencing system, and other relevant details. 
 
 Prior to the issue of any Taking-Over Certificate, the Contractor shall supply to the Engineer the specified numbers and types of copies of the relevant as-built drawings, in accordance with the Employer's instructions. The Works shall not be considered to be completed for the purposes of issuance of Taking-Over Certificate until the Engineer has received these documents. 
 Supplementary documents and Instructions by the Engineer 
 The Engineer shall have authority to issue to the Contractor, from time to time, supplementary documents and instructions as shall be necessary for the purpose of the proper and adequate execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein. The Contractor shall carry out and be bound by the same. 
 
 General Obligations 
 Contractor ’ s General Responsibilities 
 8.1 ( i ) The Contractor shall, with due care and diligence, design execute and complete all the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix to Contract and remedy any defects therein in accordance with the provisions of the Contract. The Contractor shall provide all superintendence, l abour , Contractor ’ s Equipment and all other things, whether of a temporary or permanent nature, required in and for such design, execution, completion and remedying of any defects, so far as the necessity for providing the same is speciﬁed in or is reasonably to be inferred from the Contract. 
 (ii) The Contractor shall perform all such work and provide all such service not specifically mentioned in the Contract but which are required for proper execution and completion of Works. When completed, the Works shall be fit for the purposes for which the Works are intended. 
 (iii) Upon the execution of the Contract, it shall be deemed that the Contractor has approved and conf i rmed the requirements of the scope of Work of the Contractor as provided in the Contract and its Appendices and thereafter if any work is required to be performed for the purposes of the completion of the Works, in such an event Contractor shall undertake, execute and complete any such works at its own cost and expense. 
 (iv) The Contractor shall be under an obligation to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, which every reasonable contractor could foresee, and shall cease to do any further work which may be adversely affect ed by such defect, fault, incompatibility or error till such time as the Employer or Engineer instructs him to continue with such Works. However, if the Contractor fails to inform the Engineer or the Employer of any incompatibility or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification relating to the Works, with every reasonable contractor could foresee, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable to make good any loss or damage, at its own cost and expense, caused due to such an incompatibility of or defect, fault or error in any design, Drawing or Specification. 
 Site Operation and Methods of Construction 
 
 The Contractor shall take full responsibility for the adequacy, stability and safety of all D esign, Site operations and methods of construction. Provided that the Contractor shall not be responsible (except as stated hereunder or as may be otherwise agreed) for the design or speciﬁcation of Permanent Works, or for the design or speciﬁcation of any Temporary Works not prepared by the Contractor subject to the requirement as contained in sub-clause 8.1 . Where the Contract expressly provides that part of the Permanent Works Shall be designed by the Contractor, he shall be fully responsible for that part of such Works, notwithstanding any approval by the Engineer. 
 
 The Contractor shall submit the final D esign along with all Drawings, Technical Specifications and all other related documents and data for verification and approval from third party engineer specified by the Employer or from Structure Design Engineer appointe d or hired by the Employer and notified to the Contractor in writing. Any variations, changes, amendments or rectification recommended by the Structure Design Engineer or thir d- party engineer must be incorporated by the Contractor at his own expense and cost. Any a pproval by the Structure Design Engineer, shall not relieve the Contractor of any of his responsibilities under the Contract . 
 
 General Design Obligations 
 8.4 The Contractor shall carry out, and be responsible for, the Design of the Works. The Design shall be prepared by qualified designers who are engineers or other professionals who comply with the criteria (if any) as stated by the Employer. Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, the Contractor shall submit to the Engineer for consent the name and particulars of each proposed designer and design s ubcontractor. 
 8.5 The Contractor warrants that he, his designers and design s ubcontractors have the experience and capability necessary for the design. The Contractor undertakes that the designers shall be available to attend discussions with the Engineer at all reasonable times, until the expiry date of the relevant Defects Liability Period . 
 
 8.6 The Contractor shall also indemnify and hold harmless the Employer against all error in the Contractor’s Design of the Works which result in the Works not being fit for the purpose(s) intended or result in any loss and/or damage for the Employer (including legal fees and expenses). 
 
 Contractor's Documents 
 8 . 7 The Contractor’s Documents shall comprise the technical documents specified by the Employer, documents required to satisfy all regulatory approvals, and the documents described in Sub-Clause 6.5 . Unless otherwise stated by the Employer, the Contractor's Documents shall be written in the language for communications defined in Sub-Clause 4.1 . 
 The Contractor shall prepare all Contractor's Documents, and shall also prepare any other documents necessary to instruct the Contractor's Personnel. The Employer's Personnel shall have the right to inspect the preparation of all these documents, wherever they are being prepared. 
 
 If the Employer describe the Contractor's Documents which are to be submitted to the Engineer for review and/or for approval, they shall be submitted accordingly, together with a notice . This notice shall state that the Contractor's Document is considered ready, both for review (and approval, if so specified) in accordance with this Sub-Clause and for use. The notice shall also state that the Contractor's Document complies with the Contract, or the extent to which it does not comply. 
 
 The Engineer may, give notice to the Contractor that a Contractor's Document fails (to the extent stated) to comply with the Contract. If a Contractor's Document so fails to comply, it shall be rectified, resubmitted and reviewed (and, if specified, approved) in accordance with this Sub-Clause, at the Contractor’s cost. 
 
 8. 8 For each part of the Works, and except to the extent that the prior approval or consent of the Engineer shall have been obtained: 
 (a) in the case of a Contractor's Document which has (as specified) been submitted for the Engineer’s approval: 
 ( i ) the Engineer shall give notice to the Contractor that the Contractor's Document is approved, with or without comments, or that it fails (to the extent stated) to comply with the Contract; and 
 (ii) execution of such part of the Works shall not commence until the Engineer has approved the Contractor's Document . 
 
 (b) execution of such part of the Works shall not commence prior to the approval of the Engineer for all the Contractor's Documents which are relevant to its design and execution; 
 
 execution of such part of the Works shall be in accordance with these reviewed (and, if specified, approved) Contractor's Documents; and 
 
 if the Contractor wishes to modify any design or document which has previously been submitted for review (and, if specified, approval), the Contractor shall immediately give notice to the Engineer. Thereafter, the Contractor shall submit revised documents to the Engineer in accordance with the above procedure. 
 
 If the Engineer instructs that further Contractor's Documents are required, the Contractor shall prepare them promptly. 
 
 Any such approval or consent, or any review (under this Sub-Clause or otherwise), shall not relieve the Contractor from any obligation or responsibility. 
 
 Contractor’s Undertaking 
 8. 9 The Contractor undertakes that the design, the Contractor's Documents, the execution and the completed Works will be in accordance with: 
 (a) the l aws in the c ountry, and 
 (b) the documents forming the Contract, as altered or modified by Variations , Technical s tandards and r egulations 
 
 The D esign, the Contractor's Documents, the execution and the completed Works shall comply with the c ountry’s technical standards, building, construction and environmental l aws, l aws applicable to the product being produced from the Works, and other standards specified by the Employer, applicable to the Works, or defined by the applicable l aws. 
 
 All these l aws shall, in respect of the Works and each Section, be those prevailing when the Works or Section are taken over by the Employer. References in the Contract to published standards shall be understood to be references to the latest edition applicable, unless stated otherwise. 
 8. 10 Design Error 
 If errors, omissions, ambiguities, inconsistencies, inadequacies or other defects are found in the Contractor's Documents, they and the Works shall be corrected at the Contractor’s cost, notwithstanding any consent or approval under this Clause. 
 
 Performance Security 
 
 The Contractor shall provide Performance Security to the Employer in the prescribed form. The said Security shall be furnished or caused to be furnished by the Contractor within the time, of an amount and in the form stated in Appendix to Contract. 
 
 The cost of complying with the requirements of this Sub-clause shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 Period of Validity of Performance 
 The performance security shall be valid until the Contractor has executed and completed the works and remedied any defects therein in accordance with the Contract. No claim shall be made against such security after the issuance of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate in accordance with Sub-clause 60 and such security Shall be returned to the Contractor within fourteen ( 14 ) days of the issue of the said Defects Liability Certiﬁcate. 
 
 Performance Security Binding on Variations and Changes 
 The Performance Security, to be issued in accordance with clause 8.4 , shall be binding irrespective of changes in the quantities of or variations in the Works or extensions in completion time of the Works which are granted or agreed upon under the provisions of the Contract. 
 Inspections 
 Inspection of Site 
 
 The Employer shall have made available to the Contractor, before the submission by the Contractor of the Tender, such data on hydrological and sub - surface conditions as have been obtained by or on behalf of the Employer from investigations undertaken relevant to the Works but the Contractor Shall be responsible for his own interpretation thereof. 
 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have inspected and examined the Site and its surroundings and information available in connection therewith and to have satisfied himself (so far as is practicable, having regard to considerations of cost and time) before submitting his Tender, as to: 
 The form and nature thereof, including the sub—surface conditions, 
 The hydrological , geological, topographic, atmospheric and climatic conditions, 
 The extent and nature of work and materials necessary for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and 
 The means of access to the Site and the accommodation he may require and, in general, shall be deemed to have obtained ail necessary information, subject as above mentioned, as to risks, contingencies and all other circumstances which may inﬂuence or affect his Tender. 
 Generally, all and any other local conditions of the Site that affect or may affect the Contractor’s execution of the Works and its obligations under the Contract. 
 The Contractor therefore hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all C osts and contingencies for successfully executing the Works and satisfying all obligations under the Contract and to bear all and any consequences result ing from its improper evaluation and interpretations. The Contractor undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above - mentioned conditions. 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have based his Tender and documents submitted under this Contract on the data made available by the Employer and on his own inspection and examination, all as aforementioned. 
 
 Sufﬁciency of Tender 
 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have satisfied himself as to the correctness and sufﬁciency of the Tender and of the rates and prices stated in the Bill of Quantities, all of which shall, except in so far as it is otherwise provided in the Contract, cover all his obligations under the Contract (including those in respect of the supply of goods, materials, Plant or services) and all matters and things necessary for the proper execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein. 
 
 Data and Information 
 
 10.2 Data relating to Site Conditions and physical information contained in the Contract Documents or otherwise made available to the Contractor by the Employer are not intended as representations and warranties but are furnished for the Contractor’s information only. It is expressly understood that the Employer will not be responsible for the accuracy thereof nor for any deduction interpretations or conclusions drawn therefrom. The information is made available in order that the Contractor may have the same information as is available to the Employer and is not part of the Contract. 
 
 Determination of Conditions not Foreseen 
 
 For the purpose of determining any question under the sub-clause as to whether any conditions or obstructions encountered by the Contractor are such as could not have been reasonably foreseen by an experienced contractor: 
 
 The Employer gives no representation or warranty as to any of the data or information referred to in sub-clause 1 0 .2 either as to the accuracy or sufficiency thereof or as to how the same should be interpreted or otherwise howsoever and the Contractor shall make use of and interpret the same entirely on his own responsibility provided always that the Contractor shall not be precluded from referring to such data or information in connection with the determination of any such questions as aforesaid, and 
 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have carefu l l y and complete ly stud ied, prior to tendering of all documents , any and all data , Site conditions , facilities and other documents and information (written or oral) available to him and to have employed the engineering and other technical assistance necessary to foresee that which could have been foreseen from such documents , data , Site conditions facilities and other documents/information . 
 
 Work to be in Accordance with Contract 
 
 Unless it is legally or physically impossible, the Contractor shall execute and complete the Works within the time stipulated in Appendix to Contract and remedy any defects therein in strict accordance with the Contract to the satisfaction of the Engineer. The Contractor shall comply with and adhere strictly to the Engineer ’ s instructions on any matter, whether mentioned in the Contract or not, concerning the Works. The Contractor shall take instructions only from the Engineer or, subject to the provisions of Clause 2 , from the Engineer's Representative. 
 
 Programme 
 Programme to be Submitted 
 
 The Contractor shall, within six (6) days of Letter of Acceptance , submit to the Engineer for his consent a programme , in such form and details as the Engineer shall reasonably prescribe, for the execution of the Works. The Contractor shall, whenever required by the Engineer, also provide in writing for his information a general description of the arrangements and methods which the Contractor proposes to adopt for the execution of the Works. 
 
 Revised Programme 
 
 If at any time it should appear to the Engineer that the actual progress of the Works does not conform to the programme to which consent has been given under Sub— Clause 1 2 .1 , the Contractor shall produce, at the request of the Engineer, a revised programme showing the modiﬁcations to such programme necessary to ensure completion of the Works within the Time for Completion. 
 
 
 
 
 Cash Flow Estimate to be Submitted 
 
 The Contractor shall, within the time stated in Appendix to Contract , provide to the Engineer for his information a detailed cash flow estimate, in monthly periods, of all payments to which the Contractor will be entitled under the Contract and the Contractor shaIl subsequently supply revised cash flow estimates at monthly intervals, if required to do so by the Engineer. 
 
 Contractor Not Relieved of Duties or Responsibilities 
 
 The submission to and consent by the Engineer of such programme or the provision of such general descriptions or cash flow estimates shall not relieve the Contractor of any of his duties or responsibilities under the Contract. 
 
 Detailed Programme , Progress Reports and Review 
 
 12.5 (a) For purposes of Sub - clause 1 2 .1 , the Contractor shall submit to the Engineer detailed programme for the following: 
 Execution of Works; 
 l abour Employment 
 Local Material Procurement; 
 Material Imports, if any; and 
 Other details as required by the Engineer. 
 (b) During the period of the Contract, the Contractor shall submit to the Engineer not l ater than the 8th day of each month, four (0 4 ) copies each of monthly progress reports covering: 
 A construction schedule indicating the monthly progress in percentage; 
 Description of all work carried out since the l ast report; 
 Description of the work planned for the next fifteen ( 15 ) days sufficiently detailed to enable the Engineer to determine his programme of inspection and testing; 
 Monthly summary of daily job record; 
 Photographs to illustrate progress; and 
 Information about problems and difﬁculties encountered, if any, and proposals to overcome the same. 
 (c) During the period of the Contract, the Contractor shall keep a daily record of the work progress, which s hall be made available to the Engineer and Employer as and when requested. The daily record shall include particulars of weather conditions, number of men working, deliveries of materials, quantity, location and assignment of Contractor ’s equipment. 
 (d) Monthly or fortnightly progress review meetings between the Parties will be held at Site and must be attended by the authorized technical representative of the Contractor. 
 (e) Weekly planning meetings shall also be held and attended by the Contractor and the Contractor ’ s authorized representative ( r esident e ngineer or R.E. ), to plan details of work systematically for the ensuing week (consistent and integral with the overall program) , to monitor the progress and quality achieved in the past week and if there is shortfall, planning remedial measure (s) to be adopted to catch up with the programme . 
 Contractor's Superintendence 
 The detailed programme , progress report &amp; review shall be given /made and delivered timely by the Contractor to the Engineer and Employer . 
 
 The Contractor shall provide al l necessary superintendence during the execution of the Works and as long thereafter as the Engineer may consider necessary for the proper fulﬁlling o f the Contractor's obligations under the Contract. The Contractor, or a competent and authorized representative of the Contractor as approved by the Engineer, which approval may at any time be withdrawn, shall give his whole time to the superintendence o f the Works. Such authorized representative shall receive, on behalf of the Contractor, instructions from the Engineer or, subject to the provisions of Clause 2 , the Engineer's Representative. 
 
 If approval of the representative is withdrawn by the Engineer, the Contractor shall, as soon as is practicable, having regard to the requirement of replacing him as hereinafter mentioned, after receiving notice of such withdrawal, remove the representative from the Works and shall not thereafter employ him again on the Works in any capacity and shall replace him by another representative approved by the Engineer. 
 
 The Contractor Site staff shall include, in addition to a q ualified and experienced authorized representative R.E. registered with Pakistan Engineering Council (CV to be approved by the Employer), a planner who is conversant with computer programs like MS PROJECTS or PRIMEVERA as also with Risk Analysis and Management Techniques. 
 
 Language Ability of Contractor's Representative 
 
 14.1 The Contractor's authorized representative shall be ﬂuent in the English language. 
 
 Contractor's Representative 
 
 The Contractor's authorized representative and his other professional engineers working at Site s hall register themselves with the Pakistan Engineering Council . The Contractor's authorized representative at Site shall be authorized to exercise adequate administrative and ﬁnancial powers on behalf of the Contractor so as to achieve completion of the Works as per the Contract. 
 
 Contractor's Employees 
 
 The Contractor shall provide on the Site in connection with the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein : 
 
 Only such technical assistants as are skilled and experienced in their respective vocations and such foremen and leading hands as are competent to give proper superintendence of the Works, and 
 such skilled, semi—skilled and unskilled labour as is necessary for the proper and timely fulﬁlling of the Contractor's obligations under the Contract . 
 
 Engineer at Liberty to Object 
 
 The Engineer shall be at liberty to object to and require the Contractor to remove forthwith from the Works any person provided by the Contractor who, in the o pinion of the Engineer, misconducts himself, or is incompetent or negligent in the proper performance of his duties, or whose presence on Site is otherwise considered by the Engineer to be undesirable, and such person shall not be again allowed upon the Works without the consent of the Engineer. Any person so removed from the Works shall be replaced as soon as possible. 
 
 Language Ability of Superintending Staff of Contractor 
 
 A reasonable proportion of the Contractor's superintending staff shall have a working knowledge of the English language. 
 
 Employment of Local Personnel 
 
 The Contractor is encouraged, to the extent practicable and reasonable, to employ staff and labour from sources within Pakistan. 
 
 Contractor’s Engineer &amp; Technical Personnel 
 
 The Contractor shall employ solely for the Work(s) on the Project at Site a sufficient number of engineers and other technical personnel qualified in their respective trades to give proper superintendence to the Work. 
 Contractor shall also have sufficient supervisors, as well as skilled employees, at S ite so as to ensure that work is done professionally and efficiently. 
 Employer reserves the rights to expel any person from Site who shall not comply with the rules and regulations as prescribed by Employer. 
 
 Setting—out 
 
 The Employer shall be responsible for: 
 The accurate setting—out of the Works in relation to original points, lines and levels of reference given by the Engineer in writing, 
 The correctness, subject as above mentioned, of the position, levels, dimensions and alignment of all parts of the Works . and 
 The provision of all necessary instruments, appliances and labour in connection with the foregoing responsibilities. 
 
 I f, at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels, dimensions , reinforcement or alignment of any part of the Works or if the Contractor uses unapproved, insufficient or rejected material, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall, at his own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer . However, if such error is based on incorrect data supplied in writing by the Engineer, in such an event the Contractor shall only be entitled to an extension of time for the rectification or remedying of such error. The Engineer shall determine such extension of time and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 The checking of any setting—out or of any line or level by the Engineer shall not in any way relieve the Contractor of his responsibility for the accuracy thereof and the Contractor shall carefully protect and preserve all bench—marks, sight—rails, pegs and other things used in setting—out the Works. 
 
 Boreholes and Exploratory Excavation 
 17.1 I f, at any time during the execution of the Works, the Engineer requires Contractor to make boreholes or to carry out exploratory excavation such requirement shall be the subject of an instruction in accordance with Clause 44 , unless an item in respect of such work is included in the Bill of Quantities. 
 
 Safety, Security and Protection of the Environment 
 
 The Contractor shall, throughout the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein: 
 
 Have full regard for the safety of all persons entitled to be upon the Site and keep the Site (so far as the same is under his control) and the Works (so far as the Same are not completed or occupied by the Employer) in an orderly state appropriate to the avoidance of danger to such persons, and 
 Provide and maintain at his own cost all lights, guards, fencing, warning signs and watching, when and where necessary or required by the Engineer or by any duly constituted authority, for the protection of the Works or for the safety and convenience of the public or others, and 
 Take all reasonable steps to protect the environment on and off the Site and to avoid damage or nuisance to persons or to property of the public or others resulting from pollution, noise or other causes arising as a consequence of his methods of operation. 
 Contractor to be fully responsible to meet all requirements of e nvironmental p rotection l aws of Pakistan, during his W orks. 
 The Contractor shall at all times be under an obligation to comply with the Employer’s Site safety rules, regulations and policies including but not limited to the ‘Contractor’s Safety Handbook’. 
 
 Employer's Responsibilities 
 
 18.2 If under Clause 24, the Employer shall carry out work on the Site with his own workmen he shall, in respect of such work: 
 have full regard to the safety of all persons entitled to be upon the Site, and 
 keep the Site in an orderly state appropriate to the avoidance of danger to such persons. 
 If under Clause 24, the Employer shall employ other contractors on the Site he shall require them to have the same regard for safety and avoidance of danger. 
 
 Safety Precautions 
 
 In order to provide for the safety, health and welfare of persons, and for prevention of damage of any kind, all operations for the purposes of or in connection with the Contract shall be carried out in compliance with the Safety Requirements of the Government of Pakistan with such modiﬁcations thereto as the Engineer may authorize or direct and Contractor shall take or cause to be taken such further measures and comply with such further requirements as the Engineer may determine to be reasonably necessary for such purpose including but not limited to complying with the applicable S tandards and the instructions and requirements of the Employer . 
 The Contractor shall make, maintain and submit reports to the Engineer concerning safety, health and welfare of persons and damage to property, as the Engineer may from time to time prescribe. 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 It is the Contractor’s responsibility to assure that the Employer’s safety regulations are followed at all times and that all his employees at the Site have a thorough knowledge and understanding of the safety regulations and are complying with the safety requirements of the Employer . 
 
 The Contractor must comply with all applicable accident prevention regulations and other safety work practices governed under any law of any local or provincial authority of Pakistan including the regulations and requirements of the Employer in respect of the same. 
 
 The Employer requires that all the Contractors’ workers wear hard hats, safety shoes, gloves (where necessary) and shirts at all times while on Site. 
 
 Fire Protection and loss control 
 
 The Contractor shall be aware of necessary precautions and controls concerning cutting, welding, and hot work, fire precautions and ensure compliance. 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the fire watch as necessary and meet the fire prevention/firefighting practices. 
 
 The Contractor shall, in his work plan, forecast any extra hazardous area or adjacent to the Site of the Work and provide curtains, shields, or any other specialized equipment to adequately shield flames and sparks from combustibles. 
 
 Where the Contractor requires the utilization of flammable liquids, approved devices and containers for transfer or storage of the same shall be used. 
 
 The Contractor is responsible for disposal of deleterious substances such as lubrication oil, solvents, diesel fuel etc. which shall be contained in suitable containers and be dis posed in sewers or water courses(s) or drains. 
 
 Fire Protection Equipment 
 
 The Contractor is responsible to provide the required number of fire extinguishers as well as necessary hose line for his area of work. The type and size of fire - fighting equipment have to be approved by the Engineer. 
 
 Welding/ burning requires prior permission from the Engineer; 
 Closing sealed or locked walls of any fire system requires an impairment lock out notification from the Engineer. 
 
 Hazardous Area 
 18.3.4 Before entering any area of the Site, the Contractor must familiarize himself of the existing hazards and inquire from the Engineer necessary precautions to be taken for his own protection and the protection of other workers at the Site and the equipment and the Works. 
 
 Waste Material Removal and environment control 
 18.3.5 If the Works require the removal of any material hazardous to the environment, and/or the public then the Contractor shall remove it in compliance with industrial health and safety regulations and shall also comply with all instructions and requirements of the Employer. 
 The Contractor’s Safety Plan 
 18.3.6 The Contractor will submit to the Engineer his Safety Plan describing: 
 Contractor’s practice adopted to ensure safety of workers. 
 Contractor’s procedures or plans to deal with accidents, proposed hospital arrangements, proposed police information and reporting to the concerned fire department or authority or dealing with fire accidents at the Site. 
 Site to be orderly and clean 
 18.3.7 The Contractor shall clear the entire Site at the time of completion/handling over, clear of any waste- material, ponding or debris. Similarly, Site shall be left perfectly clean at the completion of Defects Liability Period. 
 The Contractor shall be required to keep the Site clean and cleared of all debris, dust and dirt and littering with waste materials and unnecessary obstructions at all times during construction period during the period of the Contract. 
 Maintaining cleanliness and orderly work at all times form start till completion of works is vital. Should the Contractor fail to do so the Employer reserves the right to get the Site cleared and cleaned by employing other means or agencies at cost to the Contractor, and all expenses shall be deducted from monies payable to the Contractor under the B ill of Q u a ntities . 
 
 Care of Works 
 
 The Contractor shall take full responsibility for the care of the Works and materials and Plant for incorporation therein from the Commencement Date until the date of issue of the Taking—Over Certiﬁcate for the whole of the Works, when the responsibility for the said care shall pass to the Employer. Provided that: 
 
 if the Engineer issues a Taking—Over Certiﬁcate for any Section or part of the Permanent Works the Contractor shall cease to be liable for the care of that Section or part from the date of issue of the Taking—Over Certiﬁcate, when the responsibility for the care of that Section or part shall pass to the Employer, and 
 the Contractor shall take full responsibility for the care of any outstanding works and materials and Plant for incorporation therein which he undertakes to ﬁnish during the Defects Liability Period until such outstanding Works have been completed pursuant to Clause 4 2 . 
 Responsibility to Rectify Loss or Damage 
 If any loss or damage happens to the Works, or any part thereof, or materials or Plant for incorporation therein, during the period for which the Contractor is responsible for the care thereof, from any cause whatsoever, other than the risks deﬁned in Sub - Clause 19 .4 , the Contractor shall, at his own cost, rectify such loss or damage so that the Permanent Works conform in every respect with the provisions of the Contract to the satisfaction of the Engineer. The Contractor shall also be liable for any loss or damage to the Works occasioned by him in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with his obligations under Clause 4 2 . 
 
 Loss or Damage Due to Employer's Risks 
 
 In the event of any such loss or damage happening from any of the risks defined in Sub - Clause 19 .4 , the Contractor shall not be entitled to any losses or damages caused to the Contractor due to such risks. If the Contract is terminated pursuant to the risks defined in sub-clause 19 .4, in such an event the Contractor shall only be entitled to such payment as specified in the Clause 6 3.7 . 
 Employer's Risks 
 The Employer's risks are: 
 
 Insofar as they directly affect the execution of the Works in Pakistan: 
 war, invasion, act of foreign enemies 
 rebellion, revolution, insurrection, or military or usurped power, or civil war, 
 ionizing radiations, or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel, or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel, radioactive toxic explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof, 
 pressure waves caused by aircraft or other aerial devices travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds, 
 riot, commotion or disorder, unless solely restricted to the employees of the Contractor or of his workers and contractors and arising from the conduct of the Works; 
 L oss or damage due to the use or occupation by the Employer of any Section or part of the Permanent Works, except as may be provided for in the Contract; 
 Any operation of the forces of nature (insofar as it occurs on the Site) which an experienced contractor: 
 Could not have reasonably foreseen, or 
 C ould reasonably have foreseen, but against which he could not reasonably have taken at least one of the following measures: 
 P revent loss or damage to physical property from occurring by taking appropriate measures . 
 Insure Against. 
 
 Insurance Works and Contractor’s Equipment 
 
 19.5 The Contractor shall, without limiting his or the Employer’s obligations under Clause 19.1 insure: 
 the Works, together with materials and Plant for incorporation therein, to the full replacement cost 
 an additional sum of 15 per cent of such replacement cost, to cover any additional costs of and incidental to the rectiﬁcation of loss or damage including professional fees and the cost of demolishing and removing any part of the Works and of removing debris of whatsoever nature 
 the Contractor’s Equipment and other things brought onto the Site by the Contractor, for a sum sufﬁcient to provide for their replacement at the Site, 
 his employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and/or working at the Site. 
 
 Scope of Cover 
 19.6 The insurance in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Sub—Clause 19 .5 shall be in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer and shall cover: 
 
 The Employer and the Contractor against all loss or damage from whatsoever cause arising, other than as provided in Sub—Clause 19 .4 , from the start of Work at the Site until the date of issue of the relevant Taking—Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works or any Section or part thereof as the case may be, and 
 the Contractor for his liability: 
 during the Defects liability Period for loss or damage arising from a cause occurring prior to the commencement of the Defects Liability Period, and 
 or loss or damage occasioned by the Contractor in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with his obligations. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, non-disclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy. 
 
 Responsibility for any Amounts not Recovered 
 
 Any amounts not insured or not recovered from the insurers shall be borne by the Contractor in accordance with his responsibilities under Clause 19 . 
 
 Exclusions 
 
 There shall be no obligation for the insurance in Sub—Clause 19 . 5 to include loss or damage caused by the risks listed under Sub—Clause 19 .4 para (a) ( i ) to (v) . 
 
 Payment for Insurance of Works and Contractor’s Equipment 
 
 The cost of complying with the requirements of sub-clause 19.5 to 19.8 shall be borne by the Contractor, unless the Contractor provides otherwise. 
 
 Damage to Persons and property 
 
 The Contractor shall, except if and so far as the Contract provides otherwise, indemnify the Employer against all losses and claims in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, or 
 
 loss of or damage to any property (other than the Works), which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever in respect there in relation thereto, subject to the exceptions defined in Sub—Clause 19 .1 0 . 
 
 Exceptions 
 
 The "exceptions" referred to in Sub—Clause 19. 9 are: 
 
 The permanent use or occupation of land by the Works or any part thereof, 
 
 The right of the Employer to execute the Works, or any part thereof, on, over, under, in or through any land, 
 
 Indemnity by Employer 
 
 The Employer shall indemnify the Contractor against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses in respect of the matters referred to in the exceptions deﬁned in Sub-Clause 19. 10 . 
 
 Third Party Insurance (including Employer's Property) 
 
 The Contractor shall, without limiting his or the Employer’s obligations and responsibilities under Clause 19 .1 , insure, in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer, against liability for death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person (other than as provided in Clause 19. 10 or loss or damage to any property (other than the Works) arising out of the performance of the Contract, other than the exceptions deﬁned in paragraphs(a), (b), (c) of Sub—Clause 19.11 . 
 
 Minimum Amount of Insurance 
 
 Such insurance shall be for at least the amount stated in Appendix to Contract . 
 
 Cross Liabilities 
 
 The insurance policy shall include a cross liability clause such that the insurance shall apply to the Contractor and to the Employer as separate insureds. 
 
 Third Party Insurance 
 
 The cost of complying with the requirements of sub-clause 19.13 to 19.14 shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 
 Accident or Injury to Workmen 
 
 The Employer shall not be liable for or in respect of any damages or compensation payable to any workman or other person in the employment of the Contractor. 
 
 Insurance Against Accident to Workmen 
 
 The Contractor shall insure, at its own cost and expense, against such liability and shall continue such insurance during the whole of the time that any persons are employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution or completion of Works or any part thereof. It shall be the sole responsibility, liability and obligation of the Contractor to insure as aforesaid under this Sub—Clause in such manner that the Employer is indemniﬁed under the policy, but the Contractor shall produce to the Employer, when required, such policy of insurance and the receipt for the payment of the current premium. 
 
 Evidence and Terms of Insurances 
 
 The Contractor shall provide evidence to the Employer prior to the start of Work at the Site that the insurances required under the Contract have been affected and shall, within the time stated in Appendix to Contract , provide the insurance policies to the Employer. When providing such evidence and such policies to the Employer, the Contractor shall notify the Engineer of doing so. Such insurance policies shall be consistent with the general terms agreed prior to the issue of the Letter of Acceptance. The Contractor shall affect all insurances for which he is responsible with insurers and in terms approved by the Employer. 
 
 Adequacy of Insurances 
 
 The Contractor shall notify the insurers of changes in the nature, extent or programme for the execution of the Works and ensure the adequacy of the insurances at all times in accordance with the terms of the Contract and shall, when required, produce to the Employer the insurance policies in force and the receipts for payment of the current premiums. 
 
 Remedy on Contractor’s Failure to Insure 
 
 If the Contractor fails to effect and keep in force any of the insurances required under the Contract, or fails to provide the policies to the Employer within the period required by Sub—Clause 20.19 , then and in any such case the Employer may effect and keep in force any such insurances and pay any premium as may be necessary for the purpose and from time to time deduct the amount so paid from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor, or recover the same as a debt due from the Contractor. 
 
 Compliance with Policy Conditions 
 In the event that the Contractor or the Employer fails to comply with conditions imposed by the insurance policies effected pursuant to the Contract, each shall indemnify the other against all losses and claims arising from such failure. 
 
 Insurance with approved Insurance Co. 
 
 The Contractor shall be obliged to place all insurances relating to the Contract (including, but not limited to, the insurance referred to in Clause 19 with a reputable Insurance company of AA rating or above as approved by the Employer . 
 
 The cost of complying with sub-clauses 19.17 &amp; 19.18 shall be borne by the Contractor, unless the Contract provides otherwise. 
 
 Compliance with Statutes, Regulations 
 
 The Contractor shall conform in all respects, including by the giving of all notices and the paying of all fees, with the provisions of: 
 
 Any n ational or st ate s tatute, o rdinance, or other l aw, or any regulation, or bye—law of any local or other duly constituted authority in relation to the, execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and 
 
 The rules and regulations of all public bodies and companies whose property or rights are affected or may be affected in any way by the Works, and the Contractor shall keep the Employer indemniﬁed against all penalties and liability of every kind for breach of any such provisions. Provided always that the Contractor s hall responsible for obtaining any planning, zoning or other similar permission required for the Works to proceed and shall indemnify the Employer in accordance with Sub—Clause 19.5 . 
 19.24 The Contractor shall give all notices, pay all taxes, duties and fees, and obtain all permits, licenses and approvals, as required by the applicable laws in relation to the Design, execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any Defects, and the Contractor shall indemnify and hold the Employer harmless against and from the consequences of any failure to do so. 
 Fossils 
 
 All fossils, coins, articles of value or antiquity and structures and other remains or things of geological or archaeological interest discovered on the Site shall, as between the Employer and the Contractor, be deemed to be the absolute property of the Employer. 
 The Contractor shall take reasonable precautions to prevent his workmen or any other persons from removing or damaging any such article or thing and shall, immediately upon discovery thereof and before removal, acquaint the Engineer of such discovery and carry out the Engineer ’ s instructions for dealing with the same. 
 If, by reason of such instructions, the Contractor suffers delay , then the Engineer shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, determine any extension of time to which the Contractor is entitled under Clause 3 4.1 . 
 
 Patent Rights 
 
 The Contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the Employer from and against all claims and proceedings for or on account of infringement of any patent rights, design trademark or name or other protected rights in respect of any Contractor's Equipment, materials or Plant used for or in connection with or for incorporation in the Works and from and against all damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever in respect thereof or in relation thereto, including where such infringement results from compliance with the design or Speciﬁcation provided by the Contractor . 
 
 Royalties 
 
 Except where otherwise stated, the Contractor shall pay all tonnage and other royalties, rent and other payments or compensation, if any, for getting stone, sand, gravel, clay or other materials required for the Works. 
 
 Interference with Traffic and adjoining Roads 
 
 All operations necessary for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein shall, so far as compliance with the requirements of the Contract permits, be carried on so as not to interfere unnecessarily or p roperties improperly with: 
 The convenience of the public, or 
 The access to, use and occupation of public or private roads and footpaths to or of properties whether in the possession of the Employer or of any other person. The Contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the Employer in respect of all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever arising out of, or in relation to, any such matters insofar as the Contractor is responsible therefore. 
 Utility Lines 
 2 1.2 The Contractor shall conduct his operations on or at the Site by making necessary arrangements take suitable precautions and perform all required work incidental to the protection of and avoidance of interference with power transmission, telegraph, telephone and natural gas lines and other utilities within the areas of his operations in connection with this Contract. The cost therefore shall be borne by the Contractor and the Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the Employer in respect of all claims and demands and proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever arising out of or in relation to any such interference. 
 
 Avoidance of Damage to Roads 
 
 The Contractor shall use every reasonable means to prevent any of the roads or bridges communicating with or on the routes to the Site from being damaged or injured by any trafﬁc of the Contractor or any of his employed or hired contractors and, in particular, shall select routes, choose and use vehicles and restrict and distribute loads so that any such extraordinary trafﬁc as will inevitably arise from the moving of materials, Plant, Contractor ’ s Equipment or Temporary Works from and to the Site shall be limited, as far as reasonably possible, and so that no unnecessary damage or injury may be occasioned to such roads and bridges. 
 
 Transport of Contractor's Equipment or Temporary Works 
 
 Save insofar as the Contract otherwise provides, the Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay the cost of strengthening any bridges or altering or improving any road communicating with or on the routes to the Site to facilitate the movement of Contractor's Equipment or Temporary Works and the Contractor shall indemnify and keep indemniﬁed the Employer against all claims for damage to any such road or bridge caused by such movement, including such claims as may be made directly against the Employer, and shall negotiate and pay all claims arising solely out of such damage. 
 
 Transport of Materials or Plant 
 
 If, notwithstanding Sub—Clause 24 .1 , any damage occurs to any bridge or road communicating with or on the routes to the Site arising from the transport of materials or Plant, the Contractor shall notify the Engineer with a copy to the Employer, as soon as he becomes aware of such damage or as soon as he receives any claim from the authority entitled to make such claim. Where under any law or regulation the haulier of such materials or Plant is required to indemnify the road authority against damage the Employer shall not be liable for any costs, charges or expenses in respect therefore in relation thereto. In other cases, the Employer shall negotiate the settlement of and pay all sums due in respect of such claim and shall indemnify the Contractor in respect thereof and in respect of all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses in relation thereto. Provided that if and so far as any such claim or part thereof is, in the opinion of the Engineer, due to any failure on the part of the Contractor to observe and perform his obligation under Sub - Clause 24 .1 , then the amount, determined by the Engineer, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor to be due to such failure shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. Provided also that the Employer shall notify the Contractor whenever a settlement is to be negotiated and, where any amount may be due from the Contractor, the Employer shall consult with the Contractor before such settlement is agreed. 
 
 Opportunities for Other Contractors 
 
 The Contractor shall, in accordance with the requirements of the Engineer, afford all reasonable opportunities for carrying out their work to: 
 
 any other contractors employed by the Employer and their workmen, 
 the workmen of the Employer, and 
 the workmen of any duly constituted authorities who may be employed in the execution on or near the Site of any work not included in the Contract or of any contract which the Employer may enter into in connection with or ancillary to the Works. 
 
 Facilities for Other Contractors 
 
 If, however, pursuant to Sub—Clause 24 .1 the Contractor shall, on the written request of the Engineer: 
 make available to any such other contractor, or to the Employer or any such authority, any roads or ways for the maintenance of which the Contractor is responsible, or 
 permit the use, by any such, of Temporary Works or Contractor's Equipment on the Site, or 
 provide any other service of whatsoever nature for any such, the Engineer shall determine an addition to the Contract Price in accordance with Clause 45 and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Co-operation with other Contractors 
 
 During the execution of the Works, the Contractor shall cooperate fully with other contractors working for the Employer at and in the vicinity of the Site and also shall provide adequate precautionary facilities not to make himself a nuisance to local residents and other contractors. 
 The Contractor shall be required to coordinate, giving full courtesy and accommodation to a number of organizations working on the Site including the Employer, electrical and mechanical installations, Pre-Engineered Steel Roof, Pipe racks, pipelines, Employer’s utility installation teams and machinery installation teams. 
 
 Contractor to Keep Site Clear 
 
 During the execution of the Works the Contractor shall keep the Site reasonably free from all unnecessary obstruction , ponding, debris, dust and dirt and littering with waste materials, wreckage, rubbish or Temporary Works no longer required and shall store or dispose of any Contractor's Equipment , Employer’s Material and /or any surplus materials during the period of the construction and the Contract . 
 
 Clearance of Site on Completion 
 
 24.1 Upon the issue of any Taking—Over Certiﬁcate , the Contractor shall clear away and remove from that part of the Site (to which such Taking—Over Certiﬁcate relates) all Contractor’s Equipment, surplus material, rubbish and Temporary Works of every kind, and leave such part of the Site and Works clean and in a tidy condition to the satisfaction of the Engineer at no cost to Employer, provided that the Contractor shall be entitled to retain on Site, until the end of the Defects Liability Period, such materials, Contractor's Equipment and Temporary Works as are required by him for the purpose of fulﬁlling his obligations during the Defects Liability Period, which shall be completely cleared after the lapse of Defects Liability Period and Site left clean of these too, again at no cost to the Employer and to the satisfaction of the Engineer. Maintaining cleanliness and orderly work at all times form start till completion of works is vital. Should the Contractor fail to do so the Employer reserves the right to get the Site cleared and cleaned by employing other means or agencies at cost to the Contractor, and all expenses shall be deducted from monies payable to the Contractor under the Bill of Quantities . 
 
 
 No Other Payment for Fulfilling Obligations 
 
 For fulfilling all of his obligations under the Contract, no other payment shall be made to the Contractor except as provided for in the Bill of Quantities. 
 
 LABOUR 
 
 Engagement of Staff and Labour 
 
 The Contractor shall, unless otherwise provided in the Contract, make his own arrangements for the engagement of all staff and labour , local or other, and for their payment, housing, feeding , transport , healthcare and insurance etc. The Contractor shall, at his own cost and expense, comply with the applicable Standards in relation to matters connected with labour , staff and workmen employed or engaged by the Contractor. 
 
 Rates of Wages and Conditions of Labour 
 
 The Contractor shall pay rates of wages and observe conditions of labour not less favorable than those established for the trade or industry and prevailing labour and wage laws where the work is carried out. In the absence of any rates of wages or conditions of labour so established, the Contractor shall pay rates of wages and observe conditions of labour which are not less favorable than the general level of wages and conditions observed by other employers whose general circumstances in the trade or industry in which the Contractor is engaged are similar. 
 The Contractor shall solve independently any disputes arising from its default in paying the employees’ salary and/or any demand raised or punishment imposed by relevant government authorities, and shall indemnify and hold the Employer harmless from any claims, loss and damage due to such disputes. 
 
 Employment of Persons in the Service of Others 
 
 The Contractor shall not recruit his staff and labour from amongst the persons in the service of the Employer or the Engineer; except with the prior written consent of the Employer or the Engineer, as the case may be. 
 
 Housing for Labour 
 
 Save insofar as the Contract otherwise provides, the Contractor shall provide and maintain such housing accommodation and amenities as he may consider necessary for all his supervisory staff and labour , employed for the purposes of or in connection with the Contract including all fencing, sanitation, cookhouse, ﬁre prevention, water supply and other requirements in connection with such housing accommodation or amenities. On completion of the Contract, unless otherwise agreed with the Employer, the temporary camps or housing provided by the Contractor shall be removed and the Site reinstated to its original condition, all to the approval of the Engineer. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 Due precautions shall be taken by the Contractor, and at his own cost, to ensure the safety of his staff and labour at all times throughout the period of the Contract. The Contractor shall further ensure that suitable arrangements are made for the prevention of epidemics and for all necessary welfare and hygiene requirements. 
 
 The Contractor shall, at his own cost and expense, comply with the S tandards and policies of the Employer regarding s afety, which are annexed as Appendix to Contract , in addition to the applicable r equirements/ s tandards regarding the health and safety of his staff and labour at the Site throughout the period of the Contract. 
 (a) The Contractor shall in collaboration with and to the requirements of any duly constituted medical or sanitary authority ensure that suitable arrangements are made on the Site(s) for the maintenance of health, the prevention an over-coming of epidemics, and for adequate first aid, welfare and hygiene services. 
 (b) The Contractor shall erect and maintain at his own expenses sufficient first aid and sanitary facilities at strategic points on the S ite. All canteens, camps, working and storage areas including the temporary ones shall be constantly kept in good hygienic conditions. 
 Urinal and defecation shall only be allowed in specified areas. 
 
 Epidemics 
 
 25.6 In the event of any outbreak of illness of an epidemic nature, the Contractor shall at his own cost and expense comply with and carry out such regulations, orders and requirements as may be made by the Government , the Employer , and the local medical or sanitary authorities, for purpose of dealing with and overcoming the same. 
 
 Alcoholic Liquor or Drugs 
 
 The Contractor shall not, otherwise than in accordance with the s tatutes, o rdinances and Government r egulations or o rders for the time being in force in Pakistan , import, sell, give, barter or otherwise dispose of any alcoholic liquor or drugs, or permit or suffer any such importation, sale, gift, barter or disposal by such person or contractors employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution and completion of the Works and any part thereof, his agents, staff or labour . 
 
 Arms and Ammunition 
 
 The Contractor shall not give, barter, or otherwise dispose of to any person or persons, any arms or ammunition of any kind or permit or suffer the same as aforesaid. 
 
 Festivals and Religious Customs 
 
 The Contractor shall in all dealings with his staff and labour have due regard to all recognized festivals, days of rest and religious and other customs. The Contractor shall also duly cater in all his planning of work and progress: for harvest seasons, monsoons, extremes of weather, or recognized holidays and religious holidays etc. such that any delay is precluded. 
 
 Disorderly Conduct 
 
 The Contractor shall at all times take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unlawful riotous or disorderly conduct by or amongst his staff and labour and for the preservation of peace and protection of persons and property in the neighborhood of the Works against the same. 
 
 Labour Conditions 
 
 The Contractor acknowledges that some or all other contractors or suppliers or persons working at or delivering to or for the Site or the work being carried out at or near the Site may be union members or non-union members. However, in any event l abour peace shall be maintained at Site. The Contractor shall carry out the Works in a manner that ensures that there are no labour problems, work stoppages or other labour disputes or disruptions which may affect the Works, any other work at the Site or the Employer’s operations. The Contractor warrants and confirms that no agreement with his employees or trade unions representing his employees or between his suppliers and their employees or l abour unions representing those employees will affect the Contractor’s performance under the Contract, any other work at the Site or the Employer’s operations. The Contractor acknowledges that the Site is considered an open site, not exclusively union or non-union. 
 
 Returns of Labour and Contractor's Equipment 
 
 The Contractor shall, if required by the Engineer, deliver to the Engineer a return in detail, in such form and at such intervals as the Engineer may prescribe, showing the staff and the numbers of the several classes of labour from time to time employed by the Contractor o n the Site and such information respecting Contractor‘s Equipment as the Engineer may require. 
 
 Records of Safety and Health 
 
 The Contractor shall maintain such records and make such reports concerning safety, health and welfare of persons and damage to property as the Engineer may from time to time prescribe. 
 
 Reporting of Accidents 
 
 The Contractor shall report to the Engineer details of any accident as soon as possible after its occurrence. In the case of any fatality or serious accident, the Contractor shall, in addition, notify the Engineer immediately by the quickest available means. 
 
 Materials, Plant and Workmanship 
 
 Quality of Materials , Plant and Workmanship 
 
 All materials, Plant and workmanship shall be : 
 Of the respective kinds described in the Contract and in accordance with the Engineer ’ s instructions and Good Industry Practices, 
 Subject from time to time to such tests as the Engineer may require at the place of manufacture, fabrication or preparation, or on the Site or at such other place or places as may be approved by the Engineer, or at all or any of such places. 
 
 The Contractor shall provide such assistance, labour , fuels, stores, apparatus and instruments as are normally required for examining, measuring and testing any materials or Plant and shall supply samples of materials, before incorporation in the Works, for testing as may be selected and required by the Engineer. 
 
 Warranties and Guarantees 
 27.7.1 Without prejudice to any other warranties expressed elsewhere in the Contract, the Contractor warrants to the Employer that the Works and each part thereof: 
 shall be executed with skill and care to be expected of appropriately qualified and experienced contractors with experience in carrying out works of a similar type, nature and complexity of the Works; 
 shall be completed and executed in accordance with the Tender/Contract requirements, Specifications and Standards. Each and every part of the Works shall be fit for the purposes for which such parts are intended (awareness of which the Contractor acknowledges) and have the strength and durability reasonably to be expected of high quality and reliable Materials and construction; 
 shall be executed and constructed so that they are capable of being used in accordance with the requirements of the Contract in a safe, efficient manner and free from any unreasonable risk to health and well-being of persons using them and free from ay avoidable risk of pollution, nuisance, interference or hazard, 
 is fit for the purpose described in the Contract, 
 shall comply or will comply , at the time of Taking Over, during the Defects Liability Period and throughout the useful expected life of such a construction , with the Specification as described in the Contract; 
 The Contractor warrants that it possesses the necessary skill, experience, knowledge and expertise for the execution and completion of the Works all as specified in more detail in this Contract. 
 
 Cost of Samples 
 
 All samples of anchor piles shall be supplied by the Contractor at his own cost and expense as and when required by the Engineer. 
 
 Where necessary tests will be performed on samples , as specified and as directed by the Engineer/Employer, at cost to the Contractor . 
 
 Cost of Tests 
 
 The cost of making any test shall be borne by the Contractor if such test is : 
 clearly intended by or provided for in the Contract, or 
 particularized in the Contract (in cases only of a test under load or of a test to ascertain whether the design of any ﬁnished or partially ﬁnished work is appropriate for the purposes which it was intended to fulﬁl) in sufﬁcient detail to enable the Contractor to price or allow for the same in his Tender. 
 
 Cost of Tests not Provided for 
 
 If any test required by the Engineer which is : 
 not so intended by or provided for, or 
 (in the cases above mentioned) not so particularized, or 
 (though so intended or provided for) required by the Engineer to be carried out at any place other than the Site or the place of manufacture, fabrication or preparation of the materials or Plant tested, whether or not it shows the materials, or workmanship not to be in accordance with the provisions of the Contract to the satisfaction of the Engineer, then the cost of such test shall be borne by the Contractor, but in any other case Sub—Clause 3 0.4 shall apply. 
 
 Engineer's Determination where Tests not Provided for 
 
 27.5 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, w here, pursuant to Sub — Clause 29 .4 , this Sub — Clause applies , the Contractor shall only be entitled to an extension of time to which the Contractor may be entitled under Clause 3 4.1 which shall be determined by the Engineer after due consultation with the Employer. 
 
 Inspection of Operations 
 
 The Engineer and the Employer or any person authorized by the Engineer or the Employer shall at all reasonable times have access to the Site and to all workshops and places where materials are being manufactured, fabricated or prepared for the Works and the Contractor s hall afford every facility for and every assistance in obtaining the right to such access . 
 
 Inspection and Testing 
 
 The Engineer or the Employer shall be entitled, during manufacture, fabrication or preparation to inspect and test the materials and Plant to be supplied under the Contract. If materials or Plant are being manufactured, fabricated or prepared in workshops or places other than those of the Contractor, the Contractor shall obtain permission for the Engineer or the Employer to carry out such inspection and testing in those workshops or places. Such inspection or testing shall not release the Contractor from any obligation under the Contract. 
 
 D ates for inspection and Testing 
 
 The Engineer and the Employer has the right to inspect Site and to test any material used by the Contractor without any prior notice but in the presence of the Contractor or his representative. The Contractor shall arrange and facilitate at his cost, the inspection and approval of the Employer/Engineer at the place of Vendor’s manufacture of branded or specified items before Purchase Orders are made or procurement done. However, for inspections at external premises, the Engineer shall give the Contractor not less than 24 hours’ notice of his intention to carry out the inspection or to attend the tests. If the Engineer, or his duly authorized representative, does not attend on the date agreed, the Contractor may, unless otherwise instructed by the Engineer, proceed with tests, which shall be deemed to have been made in the presence of the Engineer. The Contractor shall forthwith forward to the Engineer duly certiﬁed copies of the test readings. If the Engineer has not attended to tests, he shall accept the said readings as accurate. 
 
 Rejection 
 
 If, at the time and place agreed in accordance with Sub—Clause 3 0 .3 , the materials are not ready for inspection or testing or if, as a result of the inspection or testing referred to in this Clause, the Engineer determines that the materials or Plant are defective or otherwise not in accordance with the Contract, he may reject the materials or Plant and shall notify the Contractor thereof immediately. The notice shall state the Engineer ’ s objections with reasons. Any rejected material shall be separately placed and marked “REJECTED” to ensure its non-use and urgent removal from the Site shall be done. The Contractor shall then promptly make good the defect or ensure that rejected materials or Plant comply with the Contract. I f the Engineer so requests, the tests of rejected materials or Plant shall be made or repeated under the same terms and conditions. All costs incurred by the Employer by the repetition of the tests shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, be determined by the Engineer and shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer and may be deducted from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Independent inspection 
 
 The Engineer may delegate inspection and testing of materials to an independent inspector. Any such delegation shall be affected in accordance with Sub— Clause 2. 3 and for the purpose such independent inspector Shall be considered as an assistant of the Engineer. Notice of such appointment (not being Less than two ( 2 ) days) shall be given by the Engineer to the Contractor. 
 
 Examination of Work before Covering up 
 
 No part of the Works shall be covered up or put out of view without the approval of the Engineer and the Contractor shall afford full opportunity to the Engineer to examine and measure any such part of the Works which is about to be covered up or put out of view and to examine foundations before any part of the Works is placed thereon. The Contractor shall give notice to the Engineer whenever any such part of the Works or foundations is or are ready or about to be ready for examination and the Engineer shall, without unreasonable delay, unless he considers it unnecessary and advises the Contractor accordingly, attend for the purpose of examining and measuring such part of the Works or of examining such foundations. 
 
 Uncovering and Making Openings 
 
 The Contractor shall uncover any part of the Works or make openings in or through the same as the Engineer may from time to time instruct and shall reinstate and make good such part. I f any such part has been covered up or put out of view after compliance with the requirement of Sub—Clause 31.1 and is found to be executed in accordance with the Contract, the Engineer shall, after due consultation w ith the Employer and the Contractor, determine the amount of the Contractor costs i n respect of such of uncovering, making openings in or through, reinstating and making good the same, which shall be added to the Contract Price, and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. I n any other case all costs shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 
 Removal of Improper Work, Materials or Plant 
 
 The Engineer shall have authority to issue instructions from time to time, for: 
 T he removal from the Site, within such time or times as may be speciﬁed in the instruction, of any materials or Plant which, in the opinion of the Engineer, are not in accordance with the Contract, 
 T he substitution of proper and suitable materials or Plant, and 
 T he removal and proper re—execution, notwithstanding any previous test thereof or interim payment therefor e , of any work which, in respect of 
 materials, Plant or workmanship, or 
 d esign by the Contractor or for which he is responsible, is not, in the opinion of the Engineer, in accordance with the Contract. 
 
 Default of Contractor in Compliance 
 
 In case of default on the part of the Contractor in carrying out such instruction within the time speciﬁed therein or, if none, within a reasonable time, the Employer shall be entitled to employ and pay other persons to carry out the same and al l costs consequent thereon or incidental thereto s hall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, be determined by the Engineer and shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer, and may be deducted by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Removal of Improper Work, Material and Re-execution 
 
 The Contractor shall be liable for removal of improper work and rejected materials or works, and re-execute the job or part thereof at his expense. 
 
 Suspension of Work 
 
 The Contractor shall, on the instructions of the Engineer, suspend the progress of the Works or any part thereof for such time and in such manner as the Engineer may consider necessary and shall, during such suspension, property protect and secure the Works or such part thereof so far as is necessary in the opinion of the Engineer. Unless such suspension is : 
 
 otherwise provided for in the Contract, or 
 necessary by reason of some default of or breach of Contract by the Contractor or for which he is responsible , or 
 Sub-Clause 33 .2 shall apply. 
 
 Engineer's Determination following Suspension 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, w here, pursuant to Subclause 33 1, this Sub Clause applies the Contractor shall only be entitled any extension o f time to which the Contractor is entitled under Clause 3 4.1 , which shall, be determined by the Engineer after due consultation with the Employer . 
 
 
 Suspension Lasting more than 30 Days 
 
 If the progress of the Works or any part thereof is suspended on the written instructions of the Engineer and if permission to resume W ork s is not given by the Engineer within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of suspension then, unless such suspension is within paragraph (a) , (b) of Sub—Clause 3 3 .1 , the Contractor may give notice to the Engineer requiring permission, within seven (07) days from the receipt thereof, to proceed with the Works or that part thereof in regard to which progress is suspended. If, within the said time, such permission is not granted, the Contractor may, but is not bound to, elect to treat the suspension, where it affects part only of the Works, as an omission of such part under Clause 44 by giving a further notice to the Engineer to that effect, or, where it affects the whole of the Works, treat the suspension as an event of default by the Employer and terminate his employment under the Contract . in accordance with the provisions of Sub—Clause 67.1 , whereupon the provision of Sub—Clause 67.2 and 67.3 shall apply. 
 If the progress of the whole of the Works is suspended pursuant to sub-clauses (a), (b) of sub-clause 33 .1 by the Employer and such suspension continues for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of suspension, in such an event the Contractor and the Employer shall mutually agree as to whether to proceed with the Works or to terminate the Contract. If the Contractor and Employer mutually agree to terminate the Contract in such an event, the Contractor shall only be entitled to such payments as specified in 6 1.3. 
 
 Commencement and Delays 
 Commencement of W orks 
 32.1 The Contractor shall commence the Works on Site within the period named in Appendix to Contract . Thereafter, the Contractor shall proceed with the Works with due expedition and without delay. 
 
 Possession of Site and Access Thereto 
 
 Save insofar as the Contract may prescribe: 
 T he extent of portions of the Site of which the Contractor is to be given possession from time to time, and 
 T he order in which such portions shall be made available to the Contractor and subject to any requirement in the Contract as to the order in which the Works Shall be executed, the Employer will, with the Engineer's/Employer's notice to commence the Works, give to the Contractor possession of 
 S o much of the Site, and 
 such access as, in accordance with the Contract, is to be provided by the Employer 
 a s may be required to enable the Contractor to commence and proceed with the execution of the Works in accordance with the programme referred to in Clause 1 2 , if any, and otherwise in accordance with such reasonable proposals as the Contractor shall, by notice to the Engineer with a copy to the Employer, make. The Employer w i ll, from time to time as the Works proceed, give to the Contractor possession of such further portions of the Site as may be required to enable the Contractor to proceed with the execution of the Works with due dispatch in accordance with such programme or proposals, as the case may be. 
 
 Failure to Give Possession 
 
 If the Contractor suffers delay due to failure on the part of the Employer to give possession of Site in accordance with the terms of sub-clause 35 .1, then in such an event, notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, the Contractor shall only be entitled to extension of time to which Contractor is entitled under Clause 3 4.1 which shall be determined by the Engineer , after due consultation with the Employer. 
 
 Way leaves and Facilities 
 The Contractor shall bear all costs and charges for special or temporary way leaves required by him in connection with access to the Site. The Contractor shall also provide at his own cost any additional facilities outside the Site required by him for the purposes of the Works. 
 
 Time for Completion 
 
 The whole of the Works and, if applicable, any Section required to be completed within a particular time as stated in the Appendix to Contract , s hall be completed, in accordance with the provisions of Clause 41 , within the time stated in the Appendix to Contract for the whole of the Works or the Section (as the case may be), calculated from the Commencement Date, or such extended time as may be allowed under Clause 3 4.1 . 
 
 Extension of Time for Completion 
 
 In the event of : 
 the amount or nature of extra or additional work, or 
 any cause of delay referred to in these Conditions, or 
 exceptionally adverse climatic conditions, or 
 any delay, impediment or prevention by the Employer, or 
 other special circumstances which may occur, other than through a default of or breach of Contract by the Contractor or for which he is responsible, being such as fairly to entitle the Contractor to an extension of the Time for Completion of the Works, or any Section or part thereof, the Engineer s hall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, determine the amount of such extension and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 The Contractor shall be entitled for only such extension of time for the execution of the Works, or any section or part thereof, which are specifically provided for in clauses 20 , 29 , 33 , 35 , 6 3 and for any additional work approved by the Employer pursuant to sub-clause 44 of the Contract. If the Contractor requires any extension of time for which there is no provision in the Contract, it shall be the sole discretion of the Employer whether to grant such extension of time or not. 
 
 Contractor to Provide Notification and Detailed Particulars 
 
 Provided that the Engineer is not bound to make any determination unless the Contractor has : 
 W ithin fourteen (14) days after such event has ﬁrst arisen notiﬁed the Engineer with a copy to the Employer, and 
 Wi thin fourteen (14) days, or such other reasonable time as may be agreed by the Engineer, after such notification submitted to the Engineer detailed particulars of any extension of time to which he may consider himself entitled in order that such submission may be investigated at the time. 
 
 Interim Determination of Extension 
 
 Provided also that where an event has a continuing effect such that it is not practicable for the Contractor to submit detailed particulars within the period of 14 days referred to in Sub—Clause 3 4 .2 (b) , he shall nevertheless be entitled to an extension of time provided that he has submitted to the Engineer interim particulars at intervals of not more than 14 days and final particulars within 14 days of the end of the effect resulting from the event. On receipt of such interim particulars, the Engineer shall, without undue delay, make an interim determination of extension of time and, on receipt of the ﬁnal particulars, the Engineer shall review all the circumstances and shall determine an overall extension of time in regard to the event . However, in both cases the Engineer shall make his determination after obtaining prior approval from the Employer of any such extension . Upon approval by the Engineer, the Engineer shall notify the Contractor of the final approved determination, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Restriction on Working Hours 
 
 Subject to any provision to the contrary contained in the Contract, none of the Works shall, save as hereinafter provided, be carried on during the night or on locally recognized days of rest without the consent of the Engineer, except when work is unavoidable or absolutely necessary for the saving of life or property or for the safety at the Works, in which case the Contractor shall immediately advise the engineer. 
 Provided that the provisions of this Clause shall not be applicable in the case of any work which it is customary to carry out by multiple shifts. 
 
 Contractor to Indemnify Employer 
 35.2 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer from and against any liability for damages on account of noise and disturbance created while or in carrying out work on the S ite and from and against all claims demands proceedings costs charges and expenses whatsoever in regard or in relation to such liability. 
 
 Rate of Progress 
 36.1 If for any reason, which does not entitle the Contractor to an extension of time, the rate of progress of the Works or any Section is at any time, in the opinion of the Engineer, too slow to comply with the Time for Completion, the Engineer shall so notify the Contractor who shall thereupon take such steps as are necessary, subject to the consent of the Engineer, to expedite progress so as to comply with the Time for Completion. The Contractor shall not be entitled to any additional payment for taking such steps. If, as a result of any notice given by the Engineer under this Clause, the Contractor considers that it is necessary to do any work at night or on locally recognized days of rest, he shall be entitled to seek the consent of the Engineer so to do. Provided that if any steps, taken by the Contractor in meeting his obligations under this Clause, involve the Employer in additional supervision costs, such cost shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor be determined by the Engineer and shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer and may be deducted by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer s hall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Liquidated Damages for Delay 
 
 If the Contractor fails to comply with the Time for Completion in accordance with Clause 36 , for the whole of the Works or, if applicable, any Section within the relevant time prescribed by Clause 36 , then the Contractor shall pay to the Employer the relevant sum stated in the Appendix to Contract as liquidated damages for such default and the liquidated damages for each day of delay in completion of the whole of the Works, or if applicable any Section, shall be as given in Appendix to Contract , subject to a maximum limit stated in the Letter of Acceptance every day or part of a day which shaIl elapse between the relevant Time for Completion and the date stated in a Taking—Over Certiﬁcate of the whole of the Works or the relevant Section, subject to the applicable limit stated in the Appendix to Tender. The Employer may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, deduct the amount of such damages from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor. The payment or deduction of such damages shall not relieve the Contractor from his obligation to complete the Works, or from any other of his obligations and liabilities under the Contract. 
 
 
 Reduction of Liquidated Damages 
 
 36.2 If, before the Time for Completion of the whole of the Works or, if applicable, any Section, a Taking—Over Certiﬁcate has been issued for any part of the Works or of a Section, the liquidated damages for delay in completion of the remainder of the Works or that Section s hall, for any period of delay after the date stated in such Taking—Over Certiﬁcate, and in the absence of alternative provisions in the Contract, be reduced in the proportion which the value of the part so certiﬁed bears to the value o f the whole of the Works or Section, as applicable. The provisions of this Sub—Clause shall only apply to the rate of liquidated damages and shall not affect the limit thereof . 
 
 Taking—Over Certiﬁcate 
 
 When the whole of the Works have been substantially completed and have satisfactorily passed any Tests on Completion prescribed by the Contract, the Contractor may give a notice to that effect to the Engineer, with a copy to the Employer, accompanied by a written undertaking to ﬁnish wi th due expedition any outstanding work during the Defects Liability Period. Such notice and undertaking shall be deemed to be a request by the Contractor for the Engineer to issue a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works. The Engineer Shall, within twenty one ( 21 ) days of the date of delivery of such notice, either issue to the Contractor, with a copy to the Employer, a Taking—Over Certiﬁcate, stating the date on which, in his opinion, the Works were substantially completed in accordance with the Contract, or give instructions in writing to the Contractor specifying all the work which, in the Engineer ’ s opinion, is required to be done by the Contractor before the issue of such Certificate. The Engineer shall also notify the Contractor of any defects in the Works affecting substantial completion that may appear after such instructions and before completion of the Works speciﬁed therein. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive such Taking—Over Certiﬁcate within twenty-one ( 21 ) days of completion, to the satisfaction of the Engineer, of the Works so speciﬁed and remedying any defects so notiﬁed . 
 
 Taking Over of Sections or Parts 
 
 Similarly, in accordance with the procedure set out in Sub - Clause 41 .1 , if the Employer instructs the Contractor to complete any Section or parts of the Works to be completed within particular period of time, in such an event the Contractor shall complete the Works and the Engineer shall issue Taking—Over Certiﬁcate in accordance with the procedure provided in Clause 48.1 in respect of: 
 
 a ny Section in respect of which a separate Time for Completion is provided in the Appendix to Contract and such Section has successfully passed any required Tests on Completion to the satisfaction of the Engineer , or 
 a ny s ubstantial part of the Permanent Works which has been both completed and have successfully passed any required Tests on Completion to the satisfaction of the Engineer, 
 A ny part of the Permanent Works which the Employer has elected to occupy or use prior to completion (where such prior occupation or use is not provided for in the Contract or has not been agreed by the Contractor as a temporary measure) . 
 Provided however that the Employer shall have the right to use the building or foundations or parts of the building or foundations before it is completed, for Employer’s use or work therein or thereon. 
 
 
 Surfaces Requiring Reinstatement 
 
 Provided that a Taking - o ver Certiﬁcate given in respect of any Section or part of the Permanent Works before completion of the whole of the Works shall not be deemed to certify completion of any ground or surfaces requiring reinstatement, unless such Taking-Over Certiﬁcate shall expressly so state. 
 
 Date of Taking - Over 
 
 The decision of the Employer/Engineer as to the date of Taking-Over of the Works or Sections thereof, shall be final and binding on the Contractor. 
 
 Defects Liability 
 
 Defects Liability Period 
 
 In th is Contract, the expression " Defects Liability Period " shall mean the defects liability period named in the Appendix to Contract , calculated from: 
 
 From the date of the issuance of the Taking-Over Certificate ; in accordance with C lause 4 1 , or 
 in the event of more than one certiﬁcate having been issued by the Engineer under Clause 4 1 , the respective dates so certiﬁed and in relation to the Defects Liability Period the expression "the Works" s hall be construed accordingly. 
 
 Completion of Outstanding Work and Remedying Defects 
 38.2 To the intent that the Works shall, at or as soon as practicable after the expiration of the Defects Liability Period, be delivered to the Employer in the condition required by the Contract, fair wear and tear excepted, to the satisfaction of the Engineer, the Contractor shall: 
 Co mplete the W ork, if any, outstanding on the date stated in the Taking—Over Certiﬁcate as soon as practicable after such date and 
 E xecute all such work of amendment, reconstruction, and remedying defects, shrinkages or other faults as the Engineer may, during the Defects Liability Period or within fourteen ( 14 ) days after its expiration, as a result of an inspection made by or on behalf of the Engineer prior to its expiration, instruct the Contractor to execute. 
 
 Cost of Remedying Defects 
 
 All work referred to in Sub - Clause 4 2 .2 (b) shall be executed by the Contractor at his own cost if the necessity thereof is, in the opinion of the Engineer, due to: 
 the use of materials, Plant or workmanship not in accordance with the Contract, or 
 where the Contractor is responsible for the design of part of the Permanent Works, any fault in such design, or 
 the neglect or failure on the part of the Contractor to comply with any obligation, expressed or implied, on the Contractor ’ s part under the Contract. 
 
 
 Contractor's Failure to Carry Out Instructions 
 
 In case of default on the part of the Contractor in carrying out such instruction within a reasonable time, the Employer shall be entitled to employ and pay other persons to carry out the same and if such work is work which, in the opinion of the Engineer, the Contractor was liable to do at his own cost under the Contract, then all costs consequent thereon or incidental thereto shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, be determined by the Engineer and shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer, and may be deducted by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Contractor to Search 
 
 If any defect, shrinkage or other fault in the Works appears at any time prior to the end of the Defects Liability Period, the Engineer may instruct the Contractor, with copy to the Employer, to search under the directions of the Engineer for the cause thereof. Unless such defect, shrinkage or other fault is one for which the Contractor is liable under the Contract, the Engineer shall, after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, determine the amount in respect of the costs of such search incurred by the Contractor, which shall be added to the Contract Price and s hall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. If such defect shrinkage or other fault is one for which the Contractor is liable, the cost of the work carried out in searching as aforesaid shall be borne by the Contractor and he shall in such case remedy such defect, shrinkage or other fault at his own cost in accordance with the provisions of Clause 4 2 . 
 
 Latent Defects 
 
 In case if there is any latent defect caused in the Works, for which the Contractor was proven responsible, at any time before or after Defects Liability Period, but not later than one (01) from the date of issuance of Defects Liability Certificate, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable for removing any such defects in the Works and accordingly be liable for damage and loss caused suffered by the Employer due to such defects. 
 
 
 Alterations, Additions and Omissions 
 Variations 
 
 The Eng ineer shall make any variation of the form, quality or quantity of the Works or any part thereof that may, in his opinion, be necessary and for that purpose, or if for any other reason it shall, in his opinion, be appropriate, he shall have the authority to instruct the Contractor to do and the Contractor shall do any of t