Ill/ I IIIII 1/ll//lllfIll IIIII/I lfllfllllllllllf /IIlii

_.,
E-STAMP
PB-MlT -542EB7136290B6BF

0711-15086511

Rs 1,200/-

Description
First Party
Second Party

: AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)
: Bodla Developers Pvt Limited Through Muhammad Sohaib Tariq [36302-8110484-5]
: zameen zeta Pvt Limited Through Zeeshan Ali Khan And Others [35201-6487663-3]

Agent
Stamp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: Muhammad Burhan [36302-6357413-1]
: zameen Zeta Pvt Limited Through Zeeshan Ali Khan And others [35201-6487663-3]

Amount in Words

: One Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

: 01-Dec-2021, 02:53:41 PM
: 20219CFCOB28EC67

THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into at
Lahore on this 1st day of December 2021 by and between:

ZAMEEN ZETA (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/1 , Pearl
One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized
representative Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);

AND
SHAA PROJECTS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/ 1, Pearl
One, M.M. Alam Ro~d, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized
representative [Mr. Adil Ahmad Kamal) (hereinafter referred to as "Shaa" which
expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);

(Zameen and Shaa shall hereinafter also be referred as "Group A")
AND
BODLA

DEVELOPERS

E-STAMP
WHEREAS:
(A)

CONTINUATION SHEET

Each of Zameen, Shaa and Bodla are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects.
(a) Zameen and Bodla entered into a Memorandum ofUnderstanding dated on January
29,2021 to undertake a mutually beneficial project on the Project Land, measuring
approximately 7.3 kanals located at Rumanza golf club, DHA Multan, Phase I. (the
"Project Land").

(B)

Now in furtherance of said MOU and in order to undertake the Project on the
Project Land, the Parties to this Agreement have agreed that they will undertake,
manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under the laws of Pakistan
and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this Agreement.

(C)

The Parties acknowledge giving the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"MOU" means Memorandum of Understanding executed between Zameen
Venture One (Private Limited) and Bodla Builders (Private) Limited on dated
January 29, 2021.
"Agreement" means this Agreement concluded between the Parties including all
Annexures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Agreement to Sell" means the agreement executed by and between the Joint
Venture and the Landowner for the sale, transfer and conveyance of the Project
Land in favor of the Joint Venture.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale Instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Project the time when the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture for sale to the public.
"Complex" means the mixed-use building consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Project Master Plan approved by DHA and/or other concerned government
authorities.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under Clause 12.3.

•

ol ~tl.
~
construction and development of the Project in accordance with tile Project~TAMP
Plan and the Schedule of Works.
coNTINUATION sHEET
"Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to be executed
between the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.
"Construction Contractor" means the contractor appointed by the Joint Venture
in accordance with the Criteria for Selection to construct and develop the Project,
which shall be a reputable local or international firm(s).
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours
Pakistan time, unless specified herein as starting from a different hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to
Clause 12.
"DHA" means Defence Housing Authority Multan, established under DHA Lahore
Order, 2002.

"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parties.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge, mortgage, charge,
hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
"Fair Market Value" means the value of the Project, Joint Venture or Project
Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Valuer.

"Events of Termination" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1 .
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Pakistan and/or any
ministry, department or political subdivision thereof including but not limited to
local and municipal authorities such as the Multan Development Authority,
Defence Housing Authority or any person exercising executive, legislative,
regulatory or administrative functions on behalf of the foregoing including, without
limitation those persons, offices and/or entities responsible for the regulation,
certification and approval of building and building services design and
construction, roads, traffic, electricity and water transmission and distribution,
telecommunications, wastewater and sewage, and all environmental,
archaeological and historical, tourism and public health matters.
"Initial Construction" means the construction of the site office and excavation of
Project Land.
"Initial Portion of Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
Clause 4.1 .5 (a).
"Independent Valuer" shall mean either one consulting firm selected by the
Parties from any one of the Big Four consulting firms namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf
Adil; (ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF
Ferguson & Co, or, in the event that the Parties are unable to agree on such
selection, a panel of three (3) consulting firms to be constituted in the manner
prescribed in Clause 12.
"Initial Contribution" means the funds agreed to be contributed, initially to the
Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in Clause 3 .I.

•
"Joint Venture" means the duly registered partnership established between
Zameen, Bodla and Shaa for the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms
hereof.
"Landowner" means Defence Housing Authority (DHA), Multan.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or given effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 8.1.1
"Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and "Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month according to the Gregorian calendar.
"Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Total Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with Clause 12.8.
"Outstanding Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under
Clause 4.1.5 (b).
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic ofPakistan.
"Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
construction and maintenance of the Complex, its marketing and sales, and all
activities materially incidental thereto.
"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Project, MEP, drainage, sewage and structural
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to Defence Housing Authority (DHA) and Multan Development Authority, with
respect to the Project.
"Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4.2(e).
"Project Commencement Date" means the date of receipt of Project Approvals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means when the Project is fully completed as per the
Project Master Plan and, except as otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.
"Project Land" ·~IIJ.l.)O
Romanza Golf C

•

"Project Land Cost" means the total consideration for the Project Land to be paid
to the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with Clause 4.1.5.
"Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in Clause 4.1.5.
"Project Management Committee" means the committee formed pursuant to
Clause 5 of this Agreement for the overall management of the Project.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and project schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, including
any contracts through which the Units will be agreed to be sold, sold and ultimately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds realized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall include the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sales in Months prior to the Effective Date.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out for the completion of the
Project, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from time to time.
"Senior Officers" means (a) Muhammad Sohaib Tariq for Bodla, (b) an authorized
representative for Zameen and (c) Adil Ahmad Kamal for Shaa. The respective
parties or their senior officers may nominate any individual as and when required
upon written notification to act on their behalf.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Project Completion
or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
"Total Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
Proceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residential and commercial units including shops and
apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required for the completion of the Complex.
1.2

Interpretation
In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:
(a)

A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactments or replacements of any of them;

(e)
(f)

•
(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period oftime is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore/
Multan, Pakistan, that obligation is to be performed on the next business
day;

(1)

reference to 'written' or 'writing' means any hand-written, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission.

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2. 1

The Parties agree and understand that the Project will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. The sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Project Land.

2.2

During the pendency of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or
permit/facilitate the utilization of the Project Land or any part thereof for any
purpose other than the Project.

2.3

The Parties shall formulate a company, body corporate or partnership for the
purpose of undertaking the business activities of the Proj ect and the Joint Venture,
and shall enter into, execute and register such constitutive instrument(s) as required
under the applicable Laws of Pakistan.

2.4

This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the Effective
Date. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the Term or such
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminated in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

2.5

The Parties agree that the complete possession and control of the Project Land will
at all times remain with the Joint Venture for undertaking the Project in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3.1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3.1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall be as
follows:

•

3. 1.2

The Project Land Cost, Initial Construction, Project Approvals Cost and Design
and Architecture Cost shall be contributed by the Parties in the manner in this
Agreement wherein Project Approvals Cost, Design and Architecture and Initial
Construction Cost shall be subject to any adjustment on the basis of actual cost
incurred.

3.2

Profit-Sharing Formula
The Parties agree and understand that that they will share profits and losses in
accordance with the formula set out below:
50%
25%
25%

Bodla
Zameen
Shaa

The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in
accordance with Clause 10 below.
4.

ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND & PROJECT APPROVALS

4.1

Proj ect Land

4.1. 1 For the purposes of undertaking the Project on the Project Land and transfer of the
same to the Joint Venture, Bodla shall, for and on behalf of the Joint Venture initiate
the negotiations with the Landowner, thereafter Bodla, Shaa and Zameen shall
jointly finalize the terms and conditions with the Landowner for sale, transfer and
conveyance of the Project Land in the name of Joint Venture. In thi s regard, the
Joint Venture shall enter into an Agreement to Sell with the Landowner for transfer
and conveyance of the Project Land, along with handing over of vacant possession
to the Joint Venture.
4.1.2

The Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project
Land shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project
Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms
of this Agreement.

4.1.3

Any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the sale and transfer/conveyance of the
Proj ect Land in favor ofthe Joint Venture including stamp duty, registration fee,
transfer of immovable property tax, CVT and all other charges related to issuance
of the allotment letter or Agreement to Sell as per applicable laws shall be a cost of
the Joint Venture and borne equally by Group A and Bodla (the "Project Land
Transfer Cost").

4.1.4

The Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall pay an aggregate
amount of PKR 283,038,611 (Rupees two hundred and eighty-three million
thirty-eight thousand six hundred and eleven rupees only) to the Landowner as
consideration for the Project Land. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by
the Parties, the Project Land Cost shall be paid as follows:
(a) Simultaneously at the time of signing of the Agreement to Sell with the
Landowner pertaining to the Project Land, PKR 14,151,931 (the "Down
Payment") shall be paid by the Joint Venture as down payment for the Project
Land Cost. In this regard, Zameen and Shaa agree, confirm and undertake to
deposit, as a portion of their Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, a
sum of PKR 7,075,965 and Bodla agrees, confirm and undertakes to deposit,
as a portion of its Initial Contribution towards the Project Land Cost, a sum of
PKR 7,075,965. In this regard, the Parties hereby undertake and acknowledge
that each Party's Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, , shall not be
utilized for any other
ther than as a portion of the Project Land Cost.
In the event that t
Sell is not executed by
er with
the Joint Venture t1 Joint V
e shall immediately r
its
Initial Contributi ~ - wards Pr :--... t Land Cost and Cla
2.6 shal ~ ly.
o>~
.i)"
Q.
it

f

~.? * ~

Q_

I!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ __

_

~-·/~·-

___

...

.y
~

Allv

•
(b) the remaining portion of the Project Land Cost, that is an amount of PKR
268,886,680 (the "Outstanding Project Land Cost"), shall be paid by the
Joint Venture to the Landowner in the following manner:
(i)

The Outstanding Project Land Cost to be paid by the Joint Venture to
the Landowner, shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner in
seven (7) unequal semiannual installments as per Annexure E (attached
with this agreement) (the "Instalment(s)"), unless otherwise agreed
between the Joint Venture and the Landowner. In this regard, Bodla
shall, for and on behalf of the Joint Venture, ensure and procure that the
Landowner agrees to this Payment Plan Commencement Period in the
Agreement to Sell executed by the Joint Venture with the Landowner.
The Parties agree and understand that each Month the respective
amounts under the Payment Plan Commencement Period shall be
allocated for the payment of the Instalment(s) and shall be paid to the
Landowner out of the Sales Proceeds collected by the Joint Venture, as
and when required under the Payment Plan. The monthly allocation of
land payment to be paid to DHAM is attached as Annexure F.

(ii)

The Parties agree and understand that in the event the Payment Plan
Commencement Period agreed by the Landowner in the Agreement to
Sell commences before the Commercial Launch of the Project when no
Sale Proceeds are available for the payment of Instalment(s), then
Zameen, Shaa and Bodla undertake to deposit, as their Initial
Contribution, 25%, 25% and 50% (respectively) of the amount of due
Instalment(s) in the Master Account for the payment oflnstalment(s) to
the Landowner. This shall be done within sufficient time to enable the
Joint Venture to make payment to the Landowner. The Instalment(s)
paid by each Party under this Clause 4.1.5 (b) (ii) shall be deemed to be
the Initial Contribution of the Parties towards Project Land Cost and
shall be reimbursed to the Parties in the manner set out in Clause 9.2
(a) (iv).

(iii)

In the event that at the time of each Instalment, the entire Instalment
has not been paid to the Landowner on account of insufficient Sales
Proceeds, then each Zameen, Shaa and Bodla undertake to deposit 25%,
25% and 50% (respectively) of the difference between the Installment
and the amount already paid through the Sales Proceeds if any
("Instalment Shortfall Amount"). This shall be done within sufficient
time to enable the Joint Venture to make timely payment(s) to the
Landowner.

4.1.5

The Parties agree and understand that the Parties for and on behalf of the Joint
Venture shall do or cause to be done all such act, deeds and things as may be
required by the Landowner for the sale, transfer and conveyance of the Project Land
in favour of the Joint Venture including but not limited to furnishing any payment
security such as bank guarantee.

4.2

Project Approvals

•

(b) The Joint Venture shall also ensure and procure that the Landowner issues a
no-objection certificate for the commencement of sale of the Project to the
general public.
(c) The Parties agree and understand that it shall be a condition precedent to the
undertaking of the Project by the Joint Venture that all Project Approvals in
terms of Clause 4.2 (a) have been obtained in favour of the Joint Venture in
respect of the Project Land.
(d) The Parties understand and agree that the cost for Project Approvals, including
but not limited to the cost for preparing and amending the Project Master Plan,
shall be calculated on the basis of the applicable rates of the office of the MDA
and DHA, or other relevant offices and shall be incurred by the Joint Venture
at actual (the "Project Approvals Cost"). Group A and Bodla shall be liable
equally for the Project Approvals Cost, along with all applicable taxes
(including any costs for the Project Master Plan).
4.3

Design and Architecture
(a) For and on behalf of the Joint Venture, Zameen shall be responsible for
preparing and finalizing the design, civil, structural and architectural
plans(which includes structural and architectural drawings, HVAC system,
electrical, plumbing, gas and firefighting drawings, exterior and interior
renders and videos, interior designing, smart systems, complete BOQ/tender
packages, engineering estimates and civil/MEP specifications, structure
vetting, site supervision, submission drawings etc) and the concept of the
Project as well as oversee and manage construction of the Project, in
consultation with Bodla.
(b) In this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall enter
into a design and architecture agreement with Zameen Developments (Private)
Limited recording the terms and conditions pursuant to which the design and
architecture services will be provided for the Project at the market competitive
rate of PKR 60 per square foot. Additional terms and conditions of the design
and architecture agreement shall include Designs for inter alia:

1.

11.
111.
lV.

v.
vi.
Vll.
Vlll.

Floor Plans
Elevations
MEP
Structure
Renders
Animations
Artwork
3D Modelling

(c) The Parties agree that the Joint Venture shall enter into a construction
management agreement with either Zameen Developments (Private) Limited
or Bodla Developers (Private) Limited. Within 30 days of the Project
Approvals, Zameen and Bodla shall meet to evaluate each other's strengths in
managing the construction of the Project and mutually agree to award the
construction management agreement to either of the aforementioned entities.
Provided that if Zameen Developments (Private) Limited is awarded the
construction management agreement it shall charge a construction
management fee of 2.25% of the value of the the total cost of construction of
the Project and if Bodla Developers (Private) Limited is awarded the
construction management agreement, it shall charge a construction
management fee of 1.5% of th
f the total cost of construe ·
·ect. The terms of the c ~ lGd~~~ agement agreement ~, inciuct'b:~
alia the following:
~:
·.~:
g

C:u:-·
*
o>

·3

~~.?

~'1>

0>

~·

u;.

0..
4L.~
. 6-.

;;s,&

~
~

* ()"»

•

1.

Management, coordination and overseemg the Construction and
development of the Project,

11.

Coordination and liaison with contractors, sub-contractors or any other
service providers during the Construction of the Project;

111.

Devising and implementing effective mechanisms and systems for
maintaining constant and regular checks on the pace and quality of the
Works at the Project Land;

1v.

Coordination of all Works to be performed for the purposes of
execution of the Project;

v.

Ensuring the Construction of the Project conforms with the Project
Approvals, Project Master Plan and all applicable regulations, rules and
laws;

v1.

Ensuring strict compliance of the Schedule of Works by all contractors
and sub-contractors;

v11.

Carrying out continuous inspection of the Works at the Project Land
where Construction is in progress;

vm.

Ensuring all Construction is in accordance with the industry standards
and conduct quality control and verification; and

1x.

Performing all other incidental activities relating to the Project.

(d) The Parties understand and agree that the Design and Architecture Cost are
actual costs to be incurred by the Joint Venture and the Parties shall confirm
and ensure that such costs, along with all costs for preparing the drawings and
designs shall be incurred and reported to the Joint Venture at actual cost in the
amount specified in Annexure B (the "Design and Architecture Cost").
4.4

All other activities of the Joint Venture shall be undertaken by the Parties in
accordance with the Responsibility Matrix in Annexure D of the Agreement or as
otherwise stated herein.

5.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

5.1

Formation and Appointment of Members

5.1.1

The Parties agree and understand that for the purposes of undertaking and managing
the Project in terms of Clause 5.2 below, the Project Management Committee will
be formed comprising of three (3) Members named below, which shall be deemed
to exist from the Effective Date:
1.
n.
111.

Zeeshan Ali Khan (for Zameen);
Muhammad Sohaib Tariq (for Bodla); and
Adil Ahmad Kamal (for Shaa).

Provided that the members of the Project Management Committee may
nominate someone else in their place if required and may also delegate their powers
in writing, by providing intimation to the other Party(ies) through a written notice
of at least three (3) business days.

•

decision to take steps as deemed necessary. Illustration: "Voting Rights shall
consist of 50% of Group A and 50% ofBodla".
5.2

Responsibilities of the Project Management Committee

5.2.1

The Project Management Committee shall supervise, direct and control the
Marketing Company, Construction Management Company, and manage the
Project.

5.2.2

The Project Management Committee shall be responsible for the following, inter
alia:

5.3

1.

Recruitment of an independent external auditor for conducting an
independent review of the Project's construction and expenses;

11.

Review of financial accounts and statements;

111.

Review of reports submitted by the quantity/quality surveyors;

IV.

Managing the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture;

v.

Approving the Schedule of Works;

v1.

Finalizing the bidding process for the Construction Contract;

vn.

Reviewing and approving the disbursement of profits to the Parties in
accordance with Clause 10 below; and

v111.

Deciding, inter alia, mode and manner of payment of the Outstanding
Project Land Cost.

Quorum
The quorum for a meeting of the Project Management Committee shall be two (2)
Members (one (1) from Group A and one (1) from Bodla).

5.4

Voting entitlements
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the voting entitlements of
the Members at a meeting of the Project Management Committee (whether on a
show of hands or a poll) are as follows: Group A is entitled to one (1) vote and
Bodla is entitled to one (vote) whereas all resolutions will require two (2)
affirmative votes.

5.5

Time and Notice of meetings
1.

Unless all the Members otherwise agree, a meeting of the Project Management
Committee shall be held at least once every calendar month, or as otherwise
determined by the Project Management Committee, in Lahore or Multan, as
mutually agreed in writing between the Members in advance. Members may
either be present in person, through video link, telephone or by proxy.

u.

Unless all the Members otherwise agree, the Joint Venture must give each
Member at least ten (10) days ' written notice of a meeting of the Project
Management Committee.

IRRECONCILABLE DEADLOCK

In the event that Shaa, B~-'l!·
matters set forth in ~~u~u:n:~;; ·

•
6.2.

If the matter remains unresolved for ten (1 0) days following the start of negotiations
under Clause 6.1 above, then Shaa, Zameen or Bodla shall have the right to issue a
notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock. Following the giving of such notice of
Irreconcilable Deadlock, the Buy-Out Procedures set forth in Clause 6.3 shall apply.
Provided, however, that the Parties shall ensure that the Project shall continue
during the pendency of an Irreconcilable Deadlock or the activation of the Buy-Out
Procedure and in this regard, no Party shall:
(a) take any step or action that may adversely affect, or
(b) fail to take any step or action required for
the smooth operation and continuation of the Project. For the avoidance of doubt,
it is clarified that that any Party in breach of its aforesaid obligation shall be liable
to compensate the Joint Venture and the other Parties for any damages caused by
its breach.

6.3

Buy-Out Procedure
(a) Within thirty (30) days following delivery of a notice of Irreconcilable
Deadlock, Group A or Bodla may advise the other in writing that it offers to
buy the interest of the other, specifying the price at which it is willing to buy
(the "Initial Offer"). Provided that the Initial Offer must be mutually decided
by a panel of two (2) Independent Valuers, one (1) appointed by each Party,
who shall appoint a third independent valuer, elected by the two (2) Independent
Valuers in case of disagreement, within thirty (30) days following delivery of a
notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock. Provided further that in case no Independent
Valuer is appointed, or if the two Independent Valuers fail to elect a third
independent valuer in case of disagreement, the Party making the Initial Offer
shall be allowed to make the offer without any such valuation. The Initial Offer
by any Party (Bodla or Group A) shall be equal to the value of interest of the
Party(ies) that is being bought out in the Project, at the time of the notice served
under this Clause 6.3 (a). Notwithstanding anything contained in this
Agreement, for the purposes of this Buy-out mechanism and the following
procedure, Bodla shall not buy the interest of either Zameen or Shaa
individually and must buy the collective interest of Group A (Zameen and
Shaa).
(b) Upon receipt of an Initial Offer, the Party(ies) which is being bought out must
respond in writing within ten (1 0) days indicating its acceptance of the Initial
Offer or making its own a counteroffer to buy the interest, as set out in Clause
6.3(d), of the Party(ies) making the Initial Offer, specifying the price at which
such Party(ies) is willing to buy (the "Response"). If there is no Response
containing a counteroffer, then the Initial Offer will be deemed to be accepted
without requiring any further act or notice by the Party(ies) making the Initial
Offer.
(c) If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that all Parties wish to buy the
interest of the other(s) in the Joint Venture, they shall continue negotiations in
an effort to reach a final agreement on price. If the Parties have been unable to
reach an agreement as to price within ten (10) days of the Response, then each
Party may require that the bidding procedure specified in this Clause 6.3(d) be
followed.

..,:.
(2%) higher than the immediate prior offer. This bidding process shall continue
till there is no higher counter offer received within the aforementioned two (2)
days' period to the last offer received, and such last offer shall be deemed to
have been accepted. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties acknowledge and
confirm that even in the absence of a positive acceptance, failure to make a
higher counter offer in terms hereof to the last offer within the aforementioned
two (2) days' period shall constitute acceptance immediately upon which there
shall be an agreement to sell between the Parties, which shall be specifically
enforceable.
(e) Upon an offer being accepted in terms of Clause 6.3(e) above, the Party(ies)
whose offer has been accepted shall be required to make payment of the full
amount to the other Party(ies) within a period of hundred and eighty (180) days
from the date of such acceptance.
(f) For the purposes of Clause 6.3(e), all offers and counteroffers must be in writing
and in a form which is firm and binding; all offers must be responded to within
two (2) days ofthe receipt of notice of the prior offer (except a Response to an
Initial Offer under Clause 6.3(a) above, which must be delivered within ten (1 0)
days). If no response to an offer or counteroffer is received within the stipulated
time, the immediate prior offer shall be deemed to be accepted, and the Parties
shall take all actions necessary and within its powers to conclude such sale.
(g) The Parties undertake and agree that in the event of an Irreconcilable Deadlock
which results in undertaking of the Buy-Out Procedures, the Party(ies)
acquiring the interest of the other Party(ies) shall be entitled to undertake the
Project on its own or through any other third party and shall be solely entitled
to any and all right(s) and/or interest(s) in the Project and/or Project Land. In
this regard, the outgoing Party(ies) within forty-five (45) days after the offer is
accepted in terms of Clause 6.3(e) above:
(i)

shall ensure that all possible I required steps are undertaken, including
without limitation novating I waiving I foregoing I assigning in favour
of such acquiring Party(ies) any and all rights that may have been
created in its favour, enabling the acquiring Party(ies) to undertake the
Project as per its own will;

(ii)

take such steps and execute such agreement(s) as may be required so as
to ensure that the possession, ownership and title of the Project Land
shall vest solely with the Party(ies) acquiring the interest of the other
Party and to ensure that the outgoing Party(ies) shall have no interest
whatsoever in the Project and/or the Project Land;

(iii)

hereby undertakes that any and all rights created in its favour under this
Agreement, if applicable, shall stand discharged and the outgoing
Party(ies) shall have no right(s) and/or interest(s) either in the Project or
Project Land upon completion of Buy-Out Procedures and transfer of
the Project;

(iv)

shall do such other things and execute such other documents as shall be
necessary or as the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party(ies)
may reasonable request to give effect to the transfer.

7

PROJECTDEVELOPMENT

7.1

Project Construction

Z-

between the selected Construction Contractor and the Joint Venture. The Parties
undertake to render complete cooperation in this regard. However, in the event
Bodla (or its affiliate) wishes to submit its bid/tender for the construction of the
Project, Bodla agrees that in such an event Group A shall be responsible for
appointing the Construction Contractor for the purposes of undertaking the
development and construction of the Project as per the Project Approvals.
(b) The cost of Construction shall be a cost of the Project and will be disbursed
from the Master Account in accordance with Clause 9.2 below.

7.2

Construction ofthe 121h Floor
(a) The Parties understand that the Project may be based on G+ 11 or G+ 12 floors,
as per the Project Approvals that are granted;
If the Parties are successful in obtaining approval for construction of G+ 12
floors, such construction of the l2 1h floor of the Project shall be paid in full by
Bodla exclusively and shall not be considered a cost of the Joint Venture or
withdrawn under Clause 9.2 (a) (iii). In the event Bodla is unable to pay for the
construction and development of the 12th floor, neither the Joint Venture nor
Group A shall be responsible in any manner whatsoever to undertake or
complete its construction. For the avoidance of doubt, in lieu of the foregoing,
Group A and/or the Joint Venture shall in such circumstances surrender any/ all
of its proprietary rights to the 12th Floor in favour ofBodla and Bodla shall also
be entitled to all proceeds from the sale or lease of the 12th floor of the Project.
Provided that ifBodla leaves the construction of the 121h floor incomplete for a
period of three (3) months or refuses to pay for it, Group A shall be entitled to
complete the construction on its own and shall be entitled to the sale proceeds
thereof, in proportion to the amount they (Group A) have spent to complete the
Project.

7.3

Project Commencement

(a)

The Joint Venture shall commence the Works for the Project within 120 (one
hundred and twenty) days from the grant of the Project Approvals.

(b)

The Parties clearly understand and agree that the Works for the Project must be
completed within the time frames set out in the Schedule of Works provided that
the Project Land has been transferred through the Agreement to Sell and its
possession has been handed over to the Joint Venture. The estimated time for
Project Completion is 36 (thirty-six) Months from the commencement of the Works
("Estimated Project Completion Time").

(c)

Subject to a written agreement between the Parties, completion time ofthe Project
may be revised (altered) in the following cases:
a) When the scope, nature and the design of the Works is changed by either
Party, and ifthese changes affect the Schedule of Works ofthe Project;
b) If the Works are delayed or stopped for reasons beyond the reasonable
control of the Parties; and
c) If the delay is due to any reasons arising out of in relation to the Project
Approvals.

7.4

Project Operations Cost

a total estimated budget of approximately 1.10% of the Total Sales Revenue
("Project Operations Cost").
b) The Parties agree that the Project Operations Cost shall be paid out of the Sales
Proceeds each Month and shall be disbursed from the Master Account in
accordance with Clause 9.2 below.
8

PROJECT MARKETING AND SALE

8.1

Marketing Company

8.1.1

The Project will be marketed and promoted, the Units will be sold by the Joint
Venture and the Marketing Targets will be attained by the Project Management
Committee through Zameen Media (Private) Limited (the "Marketing
Company"), in the name of the Project as mutually agreed between the Parties (the
"Marketing Services"). In this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the
Marketing Company will enter into a marketing agreement with the Joint Venture
recording the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Marketing Services will
be provided for the Project (the "Marketing Agreement"). The terms and
conditions of the Marketing Agreement shall include, inter alia :
(a) Developing and implementing a 360 degrees marketing strategy for the
promotion of the Project including branding and social media campaigns on
social media platforms such as Face book, lnstagram etc.;
(b) Attaining Marketing Targets agreed in the Marketing Agreement;
(c) Providing IT and IT-enabled services such as web design, web hosting, web
development, system integration, software development and maintenance,
network design, technical support etc.;
(d) Collection of no more than 30 (thirty) per cent of the Buyers' Deposits by the
Marketing Company and deposit of the same in the Master Account; and
(e) Provision of training by the Marketing Company to the employees of the Joint
Venture responsible for collecting the remaining seventy per cent (70%) of the
Buyers' Deposits.

8.1.2

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company shall have the
exclusive right to sell the Units and, in this regard, the Marketing Company may
collect the Buyers' Deposits and installment payments from Buyers on behalf of
the Joint Venture in the manner detailed in Clause 8.l.l(a). The Buyers' Deposits
and installment shall be deposited in the Sales Proceeds Account after deduction of
marketing services fee and shall be dealt with in accordance with Clause 9.

8.1 .3

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company will be
responsible for providing the Marketing Services, and in this regard, the Marketing
Company will have the exclusive right to devise marketing and promotional
schemes, campaigns and materials for effectively promoting and marketing the
Project through the print, electronic and other media.

8.2

Marketing Services Fee
In consideration of the provision of the Marketing Services, the Joint Venture shall
pay to the Marketing Company a fee equivalent to 10% of the Total Sale Revenues
"Marketing Services Fee"), regardless of the quantum of actual expenses
by the Marketing Company for the provision of the Marketing Services,
shall be disbursed through the Master Account in accordance with Clause
9.2 below.

•
subject to and conditional upon availability and timely disbursement of Marketing
Services Fee, from time to time, from the Master Account in accordance with
Clause 9.2 below.

9

PROJECT BANK ACCOUNTS

9.1

Sales Proceeds Account
(a) For the purposes of the receipt of the Sale Proceeds of the Project the Joint
Venture shall open a bank account with a scheduled bank acceptable to the
Parties immediately following the Effective Date.
(b) The Buyers' Deposits from the sale ofUnits in the Project and any other revenue
generated by the Joint Venture from the Project shall be initially deposited in
the Sales Proceeds Account, which shall be disbursed to the Master Account
and utilized in accordance with Clause 9.2 .
(c) Each Party shall be entitled to nominate one (1) person to be appointed as a joint
signatory of the Sales Proceeds Account.

9.2

Master Account
(a) The Master Account shall be opened in addition to the Sales Proceeds Account
and the authorized signatories shall be such person(s) as may be determined by
the Joint Venture. The disbursements from the Master Account shall be, in order
of precedence, as given below in Clause 10. The disbursement from the Master
Account after the Commercial Launch shall be done as follows:
1.

At the end of each Month and till such time that the Project Land Cost
has been paid in pursuance to the Annexure-E, for the purposes of
payment of each Instalment of the Outstanding Project Land Cost;

n.

At the end of each Month and till such time that the Marketing Fee has
been paid in full , ten per cent (1 0%) of the revenue from the new sale of
Units for the purposes of payment of the Marketing Fee;

111.

At the end of each Month and till such time that the construction is
completed and no further payment obligations exist for the Joint Venture
under the Construction Contract, a portion, as agreed between the
Parties, of the Sales Proceeds collected during that Month, for the
purposes of undertaking construction (excluding Construction
Management Cost). Any funds transferred from the Sales Proceeds
Account to the Master Account for construction shall strictly be utilized
for the sole purpose of completing the construction of the Project;

IV.

At the end of each Month and till the lapse of six (6) Months after the
end of Estimated Project Completion Time, the Project Operations Cost
on a pro-rata basis for the purposes of payment of the Project' s
operational costs.

v.

After the end of the Project Completion Time, provided the Project Land
Cost has been paid in full, at the end of each Month and till such time
that the Initial Contribution of each Party has been reimbursed/paid in
full, a maximum of 10% of the Sales Proceeds for the purpose of such
reimbursement.

Page 17 of 31

-··

10

PROFIT SHARING

10.1

The Parties agree and understand that after deduction of/payment to, in order of
precedence:
(a) Project Land Cost,
(b) Marketing Fee,
(c) Construction Cost,
(d) Project Operations Cost,
(e) Initial Contribution to Parties;
(f) Miscellaneous expenses of the Joint Venture, and
(g) any other deductions/payments required by the Laws of Pakistan.
from the Total Sales Revenue, the remaining amount upon Project Completion shall
be shared between Zameen, Shaa and Bodla in accordance with Profit Sharing
Formula given in Clause 3.2.

10.2

Each Party will be responsible for any taxes due and payable by it including but not
limited to any taxes on its respective share of profit in terms of this Clause 10.2.

11

PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENT

If any event, action or occurrence beyond the control of the Parties (including any
injunction/stay order) prevents/hinders the Joint Venture from marketing, selling
one or more of the Units or constructing one or more of the Units and/or the
Complex, as the case may be, then the time frames given in this Agreement for the
performance of the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement
shall be accordingly delayed/postponed until such event, action or occurrence shall
have ceased/abated/stopped/withdrawn, as applicable.
12

TERMINATION

12. 1

This Agreement may be terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Clause
12.1 in case there occurs an Event of Termination. The following shall be the
"Events ofTermination":
(a) The Agreement to Sell with the Landowner in favour of the Joint Venture is
not executed in accordance with Clause 4.1 of this Agreement;
(b) The Project Approvals as specifically contained in Annexure B are not granted
by the Government Authorities or DHA to the Joint Venture in accordance
with Clause 4.2 of this Agreement;
(c) Bodla fails to deposit its Initial Contribution or any part thereof in the account of
the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make
payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in accordance
with Clauses 4.1.5 (a), 4.1.5 (b) (ii), 4.1.5 (b) (iii), 4.2 (c) and 4.3 (c), as
applicable;
(d) Zameen fails to deposit its Initial Contribution or any part thereof in the account
of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make
payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in accordance
with Clauses 4.1.3, 4.1.5 (a), 4.1.5(b) (iii) and 4.2 (d) as applicable;
fails to deposit its Ini~·al'f:::.er~~rst~ or any part thereof in the ~~e.~~
oint Venture within
enable the Joint Ven

2...

payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in accordance
with Clauses 4.1.3, 4.1.5 (a), 4.1.5(b) (iii) and 4.2 (d) as applicable;

(t) A material breach by a Party of any term or condition of this Agreement
including failure to fulfill its fmancial obligations under this Agreement;
(g) Any material breach by a Party of a representation, warranty or covenant made
herein or in case the same is found to be false or incorrect; or
(h) Any assignment or novation of rights by a Party in violation of this Agreement
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.
12.2

Upon occurrence of an Event of Termination under Clause 12.1, the non-defaulting
Party may deliver a Default Notice to the Party in breach at any time thereafter. The
Default Notice shall specify in detail the applicable Event of Termination that gives
rise to the Default Notice.

12.3

Following the giving of a Default Notice, the Parties shall consult for a period not
to exceed thirty (30) days, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties ("Consultation
Period"), as to what steps must be taken by the Party in breach to mitigate the
consequences of the Event of Termination and the circumstances which gave rise
thereto.

12.4

During the period following delivery of the Default Notice, the Party in breach may
continue to undertake efforts to cure the default, and if the default is cured to the
non-defaulting Party's satisfaction prior to delivery of a Notice of Termination
pursuant to Clause 12.4, then the non-defaulting Party shall be prohibited from
issuing a Notice of Termination or otherwise proceeding with termination of this
Agreement for such Event of Termination.

12.5

Upon expiration of the Consultation Period, unless the Parties have otherwise
agreed or the Event of Termination has been cured under Clause 12.3 above, the
non-defaulting Party(ies) may terminate this Agreement by delivering a Notice of
Termination to the Party in breach.

12.6

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued under Clause 12.1(a), this
Agreement shall stand terminated.

12.7

In the event that a Notice ofTermination is issued under Clause 12.1(b), the Joint
Venture shall sell the Project Land to any third party at the Fair Market Value of
the Project Land, which shall be determined by the Independent Valuer in
accordance with Clause 12.9 (d) below. In such a case, the Joint Venture will retain
an amount from the sale consideration equal to the sum of Down Payment, Project
Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer Cost, Design and Architecture Cost and any
profit earned from the sale of the Project Land to transfer 50% of the retained
amount to Bodla's designated bank account and 25% each to Shaa and Zameen's's
designated bank account. For this purpose, the Joint Venture and all Parties shall be
obligated to execute such documents and/or provide such assistance as may be
required for complete and timely disposal of the Project Land to any such party
under this Clause.

12.8

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by Bodla under
Clause 12.1(c), this Agreement may be terminated and Bodla shall retire from the
partnership (see Clause2.3), and Group A shall have the option, at their discretion,
to continue the Project in any form or manner they so desire. In the event Bodla has
paid any portion of his Initial Contribution up to the date of termination of
Agreement, Group A shall deposit such amount in the designated bank account of
Bodla within ninety (90) days from the date of the Notice of Termination. Upon
ination, Bodla shall have
r rights, claims, interests of anu:.--.1.:!
in the Project or
. Bodla shall immediately hl!t....:~tl<ll'l~i,.,.
of the Project, Project
ination·.

12.9

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by Zameen under
Clause 12.1(d), this Agreement may be terminated and Group A shall retire from
the partnership (see Clause2.3) , and Bodla shall have the option, at their discretion,
to continue the Project in any form or manner it so desires. In the event Group A
have paid any portion of his Initial Contribution up to the date of termination of
Agreement, Bodla shall deposit such amount in the designated bank accounts of
Zameen and Shaa within ninety (90) days from the date of the Notice of
Termination. Upon termination, Zameen and Shaa shall have no further rights,
claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project Land.
Zameen and Shaa shall immediately be restrained from associating/representing
themselves as part of the Project, Project Land, or Bodla in any manner whatsoever
upon termination.

12.1 0 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by Shaa under
Clause 12.1 (e), this Agreement may be terminated and Group A shall retire from
the partnership (see Clause2.3) , and Bodla shall have the option, at its their
discretion, to continue the Project in any form or manner it so desires. In the event
Group A have paid any portion of his Initial Contribution up to the date of
termination of Agreement, Bodla shall deposit such amount in the designated bank
accounts of Shaa and Zameen within ninety (90) days from the date of the Notice
of Termination. Upon termination, Shaa and Zameen shall have no further rights,
claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project Land. Shaa
and Zameen shall immediately be restrained from associating/representing
themselves as part of the Project, Project Land, or Bodla in any manner whatsoever
upon termination.

12.11 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued by a Party (the "Non-Defaulting
Party") due to default by the other Party under Clause 12.1 (f), (g) and (h) (the
"Defaulting Party"):
(a) Subject to Clause 12.9 (c) below, the Defaulting Party will have no further
rights, claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project
Land~

(b) The Buyers to whom Units have been sold in terms of this Agreement, shall
continue to have all interests, rights and obligations pursuant to the Sale
Instruments~ and
(c) The Non-Defaulting Party(ies) may, without prejudice to any other remedy it
may have, within a period of fifteen (15) days of the issuance of the Notice of
Termination, exercise the option (which Zameen and Bodla hereby irrevocably
grant to each other) to require the Defaulting Party:
(i)

to sell to the Non-Defaulting Party(ies) its share I interest in the Project
I Joint Venture at 80% ofthe Fair Market Value of its share I interest
in the Project/ Joint Venture~ or

(ii)

to buy from the Non-Defaulting Party(ies) its share I interest in the
Project I Joint Venture at 120% of the Fair Market Value of its share I
interest in the Project I Joint Venture.

(d)

on as soon

2

Parties, which submissions must be made by them within 21 (twenty-one) days
after the matter is referred to the Independent Valuer. In the absence of
manifest error, the decision of the Independent Valuer is to be conclusive and
binding on the Parties. The Parties agree that the Independent Valuer's costs
and expenses in connection with the reference will be paid by the Defaulting
Party(ies). The Independent Valuer will be appointed as an expert and not as
an arbitrator.
(e) In the event that the Parties are unable to agree on a single Independent Valuer
from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, the Independent Valuer shall be
constituted as a panel of four (4) valuers where each Party will appoint one
valuer each and such appointed valuers shall jointly nominate the fourth valuer
from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf Adil;
(ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF Ferguson
& Co. In this regard, the Parties agree that each Party shall bear the cost of the
valuer appointed by such Party, and the Parties shall equally share the cost of
the third valuer. The decision of the third valuer so appointed by the first two
shall be final and binding on the Parties.

13 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
13.1

In addition, to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, the Parties hereby makes the following representations, warranties
and undertakings:
(a) The Parties are companies validly existing and carrying on its business under the
Laws of Pakistan.
(b) The Parties have the power and authority under their respective memorandums
and articles of Associations or other such constitutive documents, to enter into
and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and
its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of
their memorandum and articles of associations, constitutive documents and/or
any agreement/contract by which they are bound.

(c) The Parties have the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement.
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and
no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
(e) There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, (i) for their dissolution or
bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective
obligations under this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby.
(f) The Parties have sufficient capacity and resources necessary for the effective
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

13.2

In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, Bodla hereby represents, warrants and undertakes to Zameen that
Bodla shall ensure that the Landowner, as the owner of the Project Land, completely
delivers the Proj ect Land along with relevant documents to the Joint Venture in
accordance with Clause 4.1.

14 LIABILITIES AND INDEMNITIES

damages. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other Party except pursuant
to or for breach of this Agreement.
14.2

Each Party shall indemnify the other Party and its directors, officers, shareholders
and employees against and hold harmless at all times from any and all loss incurred
in relation to damage to property or personal injury or death arising out of the
negligent or intentional act or omission on its part in connection with this
Agreement. Provided that such indemnity shall be capped at the value of this
Agreement.

14.3

In the event of a direct loss incurred by either Party or its directors, officers,
shareholders or employees in relation to damage to property or personal injury or
death arising out of negligent or intentional acts or omissions which are the subject
matter of this Agreement but which result from the joint or concurrent negligent or
intentional act or omission of both Parties, each Party shall be liable in proportion
to its degree of negligence or fault.

15 CONFIDENTIALITY
15.1

Each Party shall ensure that all documents and information related to the Project
shall be kept confidential, unless:

(a) required to disclose such information by judicial or administrative process or
otherwise in accordance with any law or the rules of any recognized stock
exchange applicable to the disclosing Party;
(b) with the consent ofthe non-disclosing Party (not to be unreasonably withheld),
disclosed in the interests of the Project;
(c) disclosed to its legal, financial and/or technical advisors or pursuant to the
Project Contracts, provided that prior to making such disclosure, the disclosing
Party obtains an appropriate confidentiality undertaking regarding such
documentation or information from the person to whom such information is to
be disclosed; or
(d) disclosed in a legal action or proceeding brought by either Party in pursuit of
its rights or in exercise of its remedies.
15.2

This Clause 15 does not apply to information: (i) that the disclosing Party can prove
became known to it independently and through no fault of its own, or (ii) such
information is or has become public knowledge otherwise than through a wrongful
act or default of the disclosing Party.

15.3

The Parties understand and agree that this confidentiality obligation shall survive
the expiry or termination of this Agreement and all such confidential information
shall be kept confidential until otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing.

16

NOTICES
All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and
delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and
return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or
transmitted by telefax to the respective Party at the following addresses:
Zarneen
Address:

Address:
Attention:
E-mail:

Muhammad Sohaib Tariq

Shaa:

Adil Ahmad Kanal

Address: Pearl One, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore
Attention: Adil Ahmad Kamal
E-mail: [adil@zameen.com]
or such other address (and contact details) as from time to time may be designated
by notice from the respective Party to the other Party. Any such notice or
communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: (i)
receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered
by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or
(ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving Party ' s normal business hours)
or next succeeding date on which the receiving Party is normally open for business,
if sent by telefax provided that the sender's transmission report shows the entire
facsimile to have been received by the recipient.

17 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
17.1

If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all
reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by
negotiation. Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be
submitted in writing to a panel of three persons, one representative each from
Zameen, Shaa and Bodla who will promptly meet and confer in an effort to resolve
such dispute. Each Party 's representative will be identified by notice to the other
Party, and may be changed at any time thereafter by notice to the other Party. Any
agreed decisions of the representative will be final and binding on the Parties. In
the event the representatives are unable to resolve any dispute within thirty (30)
days after submission of the same to them, either Party may then refer such dispute
to arbitration in accordance with Clause 17.2.

17.2

If no settlement can be reached between the Parties, then the dispute will be
submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of four (4) arbitrators.
Each of the Parties may appoint one (1) arbitrator and such appointed arbitrators
shall jointly nominate the fourth umpire. Such arbitration shall be conducted under
the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Multan. Each Party shall pay
its own legal expenses. The award of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding
upon both the Parties and the Parties shall implement the arbitral award without
delay.

18

GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement is governed by the Laws of Pakistan and subject to Clause 17.2
above, courts of Pakistan shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters related to
or arising out of this Agreement.

19 GENERAL
19.1

The Parties agree and understand that time shall be of essence to this Agreement as
regards the dates specifically mentioned and as to any date that may by agreement
in writing between the Parties be substituted for such dates.

19.3

No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to either Party by this Agreement is
intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein
or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be
cumulative of every other right or remedy.

19.4

Each Party shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to all its trademarks
(whether registered or unregistered), logos, patents, brand name, intellectual
property, and other brand elements and nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be deemed to constitute the grant of any license or other right by either Party with
respect to the same.

19.5

This Agreement and its Annexures shall constitute the entire agreement and
understanding between the Parties I Parties in respect of the subject-matter hereof,
and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous writings/agreements,
understandings, accords, protocols, or otherwise relating thereto. The Parties may
mutually vary the terms of this Agreement through a duly executed written
agreement.

19.6

Neither Party shall purport to assign or transfer any rights or obligations arising
under this Agreement to any person without the prior written consent of the other
Parties hereto.

19.7

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable provision
shall be given no effect but the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. The Parties shall forthwith enter into good faith negotiations
to amend the Agreement so that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision is
replaced by a valid, legal, and enforceable provision, which conforms to the extent
possible to the intended purpose of the former provision.

Page 24 of31

SIGNATORIES

IN WiTNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day, month and
year first abovementioned.

For Bodla Developers (Priv~te)
Limited

Name: Muhamm
oaib Tariq
CNIC: 36302-8 10484-5
Date: - December, 2021

WITNESSES
(1)

Name:
CNIC:
Date:

Page 25 of31

_,

.
ANNEXURE A: Project Land Site Map

Page 26 of 31

ANNEXUREB:
PROJECT APPROVALS

1. Submission Drawings in DHA Design Wing
2. NOC from DHA for Construction at Site
3. NOC from DHA for Sales and Marketing of the Project
4. Architectural, Structural drawings vetting and approval
5. Design and Elevation Approvals
6. Project's Final Approval
7. Approval from MEPCO on Temporary Electricity Connection for Construction
8. Apparoval from WASA on Temporary Water Supply for Construction.

/
Page 27 of31

a

ANNEXURE C: Major Decisions
(see Clause 6.1)

(i)

Any change in members of project management committee and/or senior officers

(ii)

Approval for incurring any costs for Project Approvals and the Project Master Plan
over and above any amount that may have previously been agreed.

(iii)

Proposals with regard to material addition to or deletion from or change in the scope
and objectives of the joint venture and the nature of the project.

(iv)

Revisions to this list of major decisions.

(v)

Granting of the signing authorities and power of attorney/ies on behalf of joint
venture (more particularly, for banking operations) except for instruments
conferring limited power for performance of such matters in the normal course of
business.

(vi)

Finalizing the fair market value share I interest in the Project I Joint Venture.

(vii)

Disbursals from the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture.

(viii)

Approving the disbursement of profits from the Joint Venture.

(ix)

Recruitment, retention and dismissal of independent external auditor and
determination of their remuneration.

(x)

Approval of any revision of budgets.

(xi)

Expenditures in excess ofRs.25,000,000 which were not already approved.

(xii)

Decision regarding payment ofProject Land Cost to the Landowner.

(xiii)

The sale, lease, disposal or donation of any assets of the Joint Venture other than in
the ordinary course of business.

(xiv)

Establishing any mortgage, charge or any other encumbrance over any assets of the
Joint Venture.

(xv)

Commencement of any litigation.

(xvi)

Change in appointment of third independent valuer/consulting firm.

(xvii) Purchase or acquisition of immoveable assets exceeding Rs. 5,000,000 by the Joint
Venture.

Page 28 of 31

ANNEXURE D: Responsibility Matrix

Activity

Zameen

SPV formation & land
transfer

Responsible

Shaa

Bodla

SPV

Responsible
Responsible

Transfer of land
Appointment of key
position holders
Appointment of Audit
firm

Informed

Architecture & design

Responsible

Informed

Responsible
Responsible
Informed/Consulted

Design approvals

Responsible

Construction contract &
award

Responsible

Marketing & Sales

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

Project's Construction
Oversight, Monitoring
& Supervision

~ ~ p <.:>pt...g I

Finance & Accounts

Responsible

Pricing (Variation
beyond agreed prices)
Modification in project
scope/sales model

fnfmmed/Consulted

Responsible
Responsible

Page 29 of3 1

sL

,.

ANNEXURE E:
Amount
Description

(%)

Amount {PKR)

Upon Signing Of Contract

Down Payment

5%

14,151,931

After Six Months of Signing of Contract

Second Payment

15%

42,455,792

Six Months After Second Payment

Instalment 1

5%

14,151,931

Six Month s After Instalment 1

Instalment 2

5%

14,151,931

Six Month s After Instalment 2

Instalment 3

10%

28,303,861

Six Months After Instalment 3

Instalment 4

15%

42,455,792

Six Month s After Instalment 4

Instalment 5

15%

42,455,792

Six Month s After Instalment 5

Instalment 6

30%

84,911,583

100%

283,038,611

Due Date

Total

Page 30 of3 1

Annexure F
Month

Amount[%)

Total Installment

Down Payment

Dec-21

5%

14,151,_931

14,151,931

2nd Payment

Jan-22
Feb-22
Mar-22
Apr-22
May-22
Jun-22

42,455,792

7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965

14,151,931

2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655

14,151,931

2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655
2,358,655

28,303,861

4,717,310
4,717,310
4,717,310
4,717,310
4,717,310
4,717,310

42,455,792

7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965

42,455,792

7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965
7,075,965

1st Installment

2nd Installment

3rd Installment

4th Installment

5th Installment

j1

~

Monthly Installment

Description

Installme nt

15%

Jul-22
Aug-22
Sep-22
Oct-22
Nov-22
Dec-22

5%

Jan-23
Feb-23
Mar-23
Apr-23
May-23
Jun-23
Jul-23
Aug-23
Sep-23
Oct-23
Nov-23
Dec-23
Jan-24
Feb-24
Mar-24
Apr-24
May-24
Jun-24
Jul-24
Aug-24
Sep-24
Oct-24
Nov-24
Dec-24

5%

10%

15%

15%1

Jan-25
Feb-25
Mar-25
Apr-25
May-25
Jun -2 ~

c;a.~ 30% 1

~D
*-

IQ)

~?

) ?--

14,151,931
14,151,931
14,151,931
14,151,931
14, 151,931
84,911,583

-~ 151, 93 1

f'f~'~);.

~o~~~
~

~

~.s' * ff!
-

"5'" 31 of31