AGREEMENT TO SELL 
 
 This Agreement to Sell (the “Agreement”) is made at Lahore on this 31 st day of May , 201 9 by and between : 
 
 MR. MUHAMMAD ABBAS s/o Mia n Muhammad Amin , bearing NICOP No. 35201-5645007 - 9, resident of 35 London Road, Connecticut, 06248 Hebron Ct United States (“ Seller 1 ”); 
 
 MS. SHAFQ U AT JAMIL w/o Mian Muhammad Jamil, bearing CNIC No. 37405-7030468-6, resident of Civil line house No. 6, Muhalla Railway Phatak Jhanda , Qanchi road, Rawalpindi , through her attorney Mr. Muhammad Abbas s/o Mian Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 35202-7107668-1 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 257, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 2 ”); 
 
 MS. SHAGUFTA LATIF w/o Muhammad Latif , bearing CNIC No. 35202-4481158-6 , resident of House No. 27, Itehad Colony, Allama Iqbal Town , Lahore , through her attorney Mr. Muhammad Abbas s/o Mian Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 35202-7107668-1 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 257, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 3 ”); 
 
 MR. MUHAMMAD SHAHBAZ s/o Mian Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 35202-7107668-1, resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, L ahore, through his attorney Mr. Muhammad Abbas s/o Mian Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 35202-7107668-1 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 257, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 4 ”); 
 
 MS. SHAHIDA ABRAR w/o Mian Muhammad Abrar , bearing CNIC No. 35202-1231939-8 , resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, Lahore (“ Seller 5 ”); 
 
 MR. WAQAS ABRAR s/o Mian Muhammad Abrar , bearing CNIC No. 35202-2389529-3 , resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, Lahore , through his attorney MS. SHAHIDA ABRAR w/o Mian Muhammad Abrar , bearing CNIC No. 35202-1231939-8 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 258, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 6 ”); 
 
 MR. AWAIS ABRAR s/o Mian Muhammad Abrar , bearing CNIC No. 35202-3229922-7, resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, L ahore, through his attorney MS. SHAHIDA ABRAR w/o Mian Muhammad Abrar , bearing CNIC No. 35202-1231939-8 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 258, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 7 ”); 
 
 MS. AYESHA IJAZ w/o Ijaz Malik , bearing CNIC No. 54400-0358480-4, resident of House No 462-XX, Street No. 30, Phase-III, DHA, Lahore (“ Seller 8 ”); 
 
 MR. MIAN SUHAIB AHMED s/o Mian Muhammad Altaf , bearing CNIC No. 35202-9955987-1, resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, L ahore, through his attorney MS. AYESHA IJAZ w/o Ijaz Malik , bearing CNIC No. 54400-0358480-4 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 256, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 9 ”); 
 
 MR. REHMAN ASIM s/o Mian Muhammad Altaf , bearing CNIC No. 35202-8683224-5, resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, L ahore, through his attorney MS. AYESHA IJAZ w/o Ijaz Malik , bearing CNIC No. 54400-0358480-4 , duly authorized vide registered general power of attorney bearing Document No. 256, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 15.05.2019 (“ Seller 1 0 ”); 
 
 MR. WAHEED KHALID s/o Muhammad Amin , bearing NICOP No. 91509 0- 211212-3 , resident of 13-H Gulberg -III, L ahore (“ Seller 1 1 ”); 
 
 MR. MUHAMMAD ATIF KHALID s/o Waheed Khalid , bearing NICOP No. 91509-0171912-5, resident of 83 Mahogany Run, Pittsford, NY 14534, United States, through his attorney Mr. Waheed Khalid s/o Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 91509-0211212-3 , duly authorized vide registered power of attorney bearing Document No. 218, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 18.04.2019 (“ Seller 1 2 ”); 
 
 MS. UZMA ABBASS w/o Muhammad Javed Abbass , bearing CNIC No. 91509-0189823-8, resident of 535-C Faisal Town , Tehsil Lahore Cantt , District Lahore, Pakistan, through her attorney Mr. Waheed Khalid s/o Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 91509-0211212-3 , duly authorized vide registered power of attorney bearing Document No. 216, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 18.04.2019 (“ Seller 13 ”); 
 
 MS. ASMA KHALID w/o Javed Butlar , bearing NICOP No. 91609-0151228-6 , resident of B23 Block A, North Nazimabad , Karachi, The and Distt Karachi Central, Pakistan, through her attorney Mr. Waheed Khalid s/o Muhammad Amin , bearing CNIC No. 91509-0211212-3 , duly authorized vide registered power of attorney bearing Document No. 217, Book No. 4, Volume No. 72 dated 18.04.2019 (“ Seller 1 4 ”) 
 
 ( hereinafter individually also referred as the “ Seller ” and collectively referred to as the “ Seller s ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the ONE PART 
 
 AN D 
 
 
 ZAMEEN PLATINUM (PRIVATE) LIMITED , having its registered office at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M Alam Road, Gulberg-3, Lahore, through its CEO/authorized signatory, namely Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan s/o Shahid Ali Khan holding CNIC No. 35201-6487663-3, (hereinafter referred to as the “ Buyer ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART 
 
 ( The Seller s and Buyer are hereinafter also individually referred to as “ Party ” and collectively referred to as the “Parties” ) 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 
 The Seller s are the absolute and lawful owner s in possession of land measuring 4 (four) kanal s and 18 Sq . ft (eighteen square feet) located at Plot No. 13, Block H Gulberg , Lahore (“ Property ”); and 
 
 Buyer has offered and the Seller s have agreed to sell, transfer and convey the Property (including all rights, title and interests of the Seller s in the Property) to the Buyer and the Sellers have represented that the Property is free from any and all encumbrances, liens, charges etc. The Buyer has, in reliance on the representations and warranties stated herein, agree d to purchase the Property from the Seller s , pursuant to which the Parties are entering into this Agreement as per the terms and conditions stated herein. 
 
 
 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Seller s and the Buyer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions: 
 
 SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 For the Sale C onsideration (defined below) provided in this Agreement, the Seller s will se ll their rights in the Property to the Buyer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be amended on written mutual consent between the Parties . 
 
 The following documents (duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale and purchase of the Property, and shall override any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the Property hereof and constitute the sole and only agreement between the parties with respect to the said Property. 
 
 This Agreement to Sell 
 A nnexure A : Demarcation Plan 
 Annexure B : Copies of Pay Orders for Bayana 
 Annexure C: Conditions Precedent 
 Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 PROPERTY DETAILS 
 
 The Property is fully described in the D emarcation P lan attached as Annexure A , and bounded as under: 
 
 North Road 
 South Property No. 36 and 37 
 East Road 
 West Property No. 12-H 
 
 SALE CONSIDERATION: 
 
 The Seller s shall sell and the Buyer shall buy the Property and all the rights attached thereto for a total consideration of Rs . 1 50 ,000,000 ( Rupees one hundred and fifty million) (the “ Sale Consideration ”) . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, Bayana and Balance Consideration (defined in Clause 3.2 and 3.3 respectively ) together form Sale Consideration , which shall constitute the full and final payment payable by the Buyer to the Seller s for the purchase of the Property, and no further charges or fees of whatsoever nature shall be payable to the Seller s with respect to the sale of the Property or in connection with any construction or development thereon by the Buyer . 
 
 BAYANA : 
 
 At the time of signing of this Agreement, the Buyer has deposited with the Sellers an advance or bayana as part-payment towards Sale Consideration, amounting to a total of Rs . 25,000,000 (Rupees twenty-five million) (“ Bayana ” ) for initiation of the process of verification and transfer of the Property from the Sellers to the Buyer. The Sellers , directly and through their duly authorized attorneys, hereby acknowledge receipt of Bayana , paid by the Buyer through four (4) pay orders, details whereof are in the table below. Copies of the pay orders for Bayana are attached herewith in Annexure B . 
 Seller 
 Pay Order in favour of 
 Amount in Rupees 
 Pay Order No. &amp; date 
 Muhammad Abbass 
 Shagufta Latif 
 Shaquat Jamil 
 Muhammad Shahbaz 
 Muhammad Abbas 
 13,636,364 
 
 Shahida Abrar 
 Waqas Abrar 
 Awais Abrar 
 Shahida Abrar 
 4,545,455 
 
 Ayesha Ijaz 
 Mian Suhaib Ahmed 
 Mian Rehman Asim 
 Ayesha Ijaz 
 4,545,455 
 
 Waleed Khalid 
 Muhammad Atif Khalid 
 Uzma Abbass 
 Asma Khalid 
 Waheed Khalid 
 2,272,726 
 
 TOTAL 
 
 25,000,000 
 
 
 
 
 BALANCE CONSIDERATION: 
 
 The balance amount of the Sale Consideration after deduction of Bayana , amounting to Rs . 125,000,000 (Rupees one hundred twenty-five million) (the “ Balance Consideration ”) shall be paid by the Buyer directly to the Sellers, directly and through their duly authorized attorneys at the time of transfer of Property as on the date of transfer scheduled by Lahore Development Authority (LDA) , upon fulfilment by the Sellers of the conditions precedent in Annexure C, details whereof are in the table below . 
 
 Seller 
 Pay Order in favour of 
 Amount in Rupees 
 Muhammad Abbass 
 Shagufta Latif 
 Shaquat Jamil 
 Muhammad Shahbaz 
 Muhammad Abbas 
 68,181,820 
 Shahida Abrar 
 Waqas Abrar 
 Awais Abrar 
 Shahida Abrar 
 22,727,275 
 Ayesha Ijaz 
 Mian Suhaib Ahmed 
 Mian Rehman Asim 
 Ayesha Ijaz 
 22,727,275 
 Waleed Khalid 
 Muhammad Atif Khalid 
 Uzma Abbass 
 Asma Khalid 
 Waheed Khalid 
 11,363,630 
 TOTAL 
 
 1 25,000,000 
 
 
 
 OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The Seller s shall, immediately upon the signing of this Agreement and deposit of Bayana , fulfill the conditions precedent for payment of Balance Consideration specified in Annexure C . 
 
 The Parties shall, within forty-five (45) days of the signing of this Agreement or as on the date affixed by the Lahore Development Authority (LDA) for transfer of the Property from the Sellers to the Buyer, execute the sale deed with respect to the sale and transfer of the Property, and all rights and interests therein, from the Seller to the Buyer. Provided that the Buyer will set up the meeting with LDA for transfer of property from Seller to the Buyer. 
 
 The Seller s acknowledge that the Balance Consideration shall be paid in accordance with clause 3.3 of the Agreement and subject to completion of the conditions precedent in Annexure C . 
 
 The Sellers undertake not to enter into any agreement to sell or any other instrument with any third party for the sale of the Property during the subsistence of this Agreement . 
 
 The Seller s shall, upon deposit of Balance Consideration as per clause 3. 3 above : 
 
 sell, transfer and convey all the rights, title, and interest in the Property to the Buyer and do and cause to be done all acts necessary and ancillary thereto; 
 
 perform all acts and execute all documents that may be necessary to effect the sale and transfer of the Property from the Seller s to the Buyer , as specified in Annexure C ; 
 
 deliver the peaceful physical and vacant possession of the Property to the Buyer; and 
 
 entitle the Buyer, at all times hereafter to peacefully enjoy the Property and any building and structures which may be created thereon and to receive the rents and profits thereof without any hindrance, interruption, claim or demand, whatsoever, from or by the Seller s or any other person or persons claiming, whether in law or in equity, through or under the Seller s and to further sell, divide, alienate, gift, m ortgage or otherwise dispose of the Property. 
 
 The Seller s shall , from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer , do and execute or cause to be done and execute d, at the cost of the Buyer , all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer all the rights, title and interest of the Seller s in or to the Property. 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that time stipulated for completion of co nditions precedent in Annexure C , transfer of the Property and payment obligations shall be the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 
 WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS BY THE SELLERS 
 
 The Seller s hereby further covenant, represent and warrant that the Seller s : 
 
 shall fulfil its obligations under Clause 4 and the co nditions precedent in Annexure C of this Agreement; 
 
 or their agents or representatives , have not done any act whereby the Sellers right to transfer the Property , along with the possession thereof, is impaired or jeopardized in any manner. However, if a defect in title or possession is discovered subsequently by operation of law or any other legal restriction or if any person, including persons claiming under the Seller s or any public or local authority shall raise any objection, claim or demand, or allege any right in respect of the Property which is in the opinion of the Buyer, adverse to the Buyer’s interest, the Seller s shall indemnify and hold the Buyer harmless from all such claims and the Buyer shall also have the right to claim appropriate damages and compensation from the Seller s ; 
 
 shall from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer do and execute or cause to be done and execute d at the cost of the Buyer all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer all the rights, title and interest of t he Seller s in or to the Property; 
 
 have clear title and have full rights, powers and lawful authority to transfer, sell and convey all its rights, title and interest in the Property to the Buyer. The Property is free and clear from all disputes, claims, liens, mortgages, charges, burdens and encumbrances whatsoever. The Seller s further warrants and represents that it has not done or caused or suffered to be done any act, deed, matter or thing whereby its right to transfer, sell and convey all its rights, title and interests in the Property free and clear of claims, litigation, revenue demands, liens, mortgages, charges, burdens or encumbrances of any nature to the Buyer has been or may be impaired or impeached; 
 
 The Seller s shall assist , if the Buyer so desires, in the registration of the Buyer’s right in the property in the relevant land registry, under the Registration Act, 1908 and for transfer / mutation of the Property in the name of the Buyer in the revenue records pertaining to the Property and in this connection and shall execute all such deeds and assist in all such things, which may be necessary for registration of the sale deed and for completely transferring all rights and title in the Property to the Buyer in the revenue record pertaining to the Property; 
 
 
 I NDEMNITY 
 
 T he Seller s shall indemnify the Buyer against all claims, damages, losses, costs, expenses, encumbrances, charges etc. arising out of any defect in title of the Seller s to the Property or possession, or out of any representation, warranty or covenant stated herein not being true, correct or complied with . 
 
 T he Seller s agrees that in the event the Property is not free from encumbrances, such as dispute related to its title, lien, charge, benefit or any interest whatsoever, whether existing or created or purporting to exist or be created, and whether present, future or contingent, including those in the nature of sale, agreement to sell, pledge, hypothecation, mortgage, charge (whether fixed or floating), adverse possession, or any other rights or encumbrances generally or any other adverse claim of any kind whatsoever on the Property, preventing the Buyer from enjoying the Property, in whole or any part thereof, the Seller s shall be liable for any loss/damage to the Buyer. Said loss/damage shall at a minimum include: 
 
 loss of value due to defect of title, which loss shall be equivalent to either the amount paid by the Buyer to the Seller s as Sale Consideration, or the ma rket value of the Property (with no defect in title) as determined by the Buyer, whichever is higher; 
 
 the cost incurred by the Buyer on the development and construction on the Property; and 
 
 any cost/expense incurred by the Buyer in undertaking the acquisition of the Property. 
 
 The Seller s hereby agrees to keep and hold the Buyer secured, harmless, indemnified against all losses and detriments occasioned or suffered by the Buyer owing to any claim, suit or demand, made or preferred by any person or any regulatory authority on account of any act or omission of the Seller s or by reason of any defect in the title or right s of the Seller s in all or any part of what is conveyed or to execute this Agreement. In case any defect or irregularity is subsequently found in the Seller s title to the Property or any part thereof, the Seller s shall be jointly and severally liable and shall, on notice by the Buyer, remove and/or cure any such defect or irregularity to the satisfaction of the Buyer within thirty (30) days of the said notice. 
 
 
 BUYER’S WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 
 
 The Buyer acknowledge s and warrants that the Buyer shall make the payment of Balance C onsideration as specified in Clause 3. 3 strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 
 
 The Buyer acknowledge and warrants that the Buyer shall pay all taxes pertaining to possession, registration, stamp duties, transfer fees, assessments, or related fees, costs, duties and charges as may be required to affect the transfer and issue of title documents in favor of the Buyer. 
 
 
 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations under this Agreement to the extent that such failure or delay is caused by a Force Majeure event. A Force Majeure event means any event beyond a party's reasonable control, which by its nature could not have been foreseen, or , if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable, including strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving its own workforce or a thir d party's), acts of God, war, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, interference by civil or military authorities, national or international calamity, armed conflict, malicious damage, breakdown of plant or machinery, nuclear, chemical or biological contamination, sonic boom, explosions, collapse of building structures, fires, floods, storms, earthquakes, loss at sea, epidemics or similar events, natural disasters or extreme adverse weather conditions, or default of suppliers or subcontractors. 
 
 
 GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION 
 
 The Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to the Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan, with the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to the Agreement will be resolved amicably between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to and settled by arbitration under the Arbitration Act (X of 1940). 
 
 
 NOTICES 
 
 Without prejudice to the right to serve notice by any other means, any notice required to be served under the Agreement shall be in writing in the English language and shall be deemed sufficiently served forty-eight (48) hours after it has been mailed by registered post or twenty-four (24) hours if served through e-mail to the address of the Party to be served that is set out in the Agreement to Sell or to such other address of which a notice has been previously given by the Party. 
 
 
 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 
 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 All additions, amendments and variations to this Agreement shall be binding only if in writing and signed by duly authorized representative s of both Parties , and shall be executed in the form of an addendum, which shall be read as an integral part of this Agreement. 
 
 Subject to the terms and c onditions of the Agreement, both the Parties may terminate the Agreement in the event of brea ch of the Agreement by the other Party . 
 
 This Agreement shall stand terminated in the event that any encumbrance of whatsoever nature on t he Property is uncovered during the fulfillment of condition p recedent specified in Annexure C , and not cleared by the Seller s within a period of 15 (fifteen) days . In the event that any such encumbrance is not removed by the Seller s within the prescribed time, this Agreement shall be terminated without further notice and the Seller s shall immediately return the total amount of Bayana to the Buyer. 
 
 
 GOOD FAITH 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under the Agreement based on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party. 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement alone fully and completely expresses the agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. There are no other courses of dealing, understanding, agreements, representations or warranties, written or oral, except as set forth herein. This Agreement may not be amended or modified, except by a written agreement signed by all parties hereto. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 Both the Parties hereby confirm having read, understood and accepted the Agreement in its entirety, and is affixing his/her signature in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 IN WITNESS, WHEREOF both the Parties have signed this Agreement on the day, month &amp; year as first above written. 
 
 SIGNED: 
 
 
 ________________ _____ ________ 
 For and on behalf of the Seller No. 1 to Seller No. 4 
 Mr. MUHAMMAD ABBAS 
 CNIC No. 35201-56450079 
 
 ________________________ 
 For and on behalf of the Buyer 
 Mr. ZEESHAN ALI KHAN 
 CEO, Zameen Platinum ( Pvt ) Ltd. 
 
 For and on behalf of the Seller No. 5 to Seller No. 7 
 Mr. SHAHID A ABRAR 
 CNIC No. 35202-1231939-8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ____________________ _____ ____ 
 For and on behalf of the Seller No. 8 to Seller No. 10 
 Ms. AYESHA IJAZ 
 CNIC No. 54400-0358480-4 
 
 
 
 
 
 ___________________ ______ _____ 
 For and on behalf of the Seller No. 11 to Seller No. 14 
 Mr. WAHEED KHALID 
 CNIC No. 91509-0211212-3 
 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSES 
 
 (1)____________________________ 
 Name: 
 CNIC No. 
 Date: 
 
 
 
 (2)________________________ 
 Name: 
 CNIC No. 
 Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 LIST OF ANNEXURES 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A DEMARCATION PLAN 
 ANNEXURE B PAY ORDERS FOR BAYANA 
 ANNEXURE C CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE C 
 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 
 The Buyer shall, immediately upon payment of Bayana and subject to completion of obligations of the Sellers with respect to the condition precedents specified in Annexure C , including inter alia personal presence at the office of LDA, initiate the verification and transfer process with respect to the Property, including inter alia verification of the records of title/ownership, payment of property tax, submission of transfer documents to Lahore Development Authority (LDA) for further processing and assignment of transfer date. 
 
 The Sellers shall from time to time or at any time at the request of the Buyer do and execute or cause to be done and executed at the cost of the Buyer all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for more perfectly, properly and completely conveying and transferring to the Buyer all the rights, title and interest of the Seller s in or to the Property 
 
 The Seller shall provide all the documents required by the Buyer for due diligence and verification of the Property with LDA. 
 
 The Seller s shall assist, if the Buyer so desires, in the registration of the Buyer’s right in the property in the relevant land registry, under the Registration Act, 1908 and for transfer / mutation of the Property in the name of the Buyer in the revenue records pertaining to the Property and in this connection and shall execute all such deeds and assist in all such things, which may be necessary for registration of the sale deed and for completely transferring all rights and title in the Property to the Buyer in the revenue record pertaining to the Property 
 
 The Sellers shall provide an A ffidavit of Rs . 50 from duly attested by the notary public and counter- signed by any gazette officer with Seller’s CNIC N o . 
 
 The Sellers shall provide i ndividual s pecimen signature with 3 thumb impression on separate pages and duly attested by gazette officer . 
 
 The Sellers shall provide 2 (two) photographs that are attested by gazette office . 
 
 The Sellers shall provide Copy of owner ship document (Allotment Letter, Transfer Letter, Exemption Letter etc.) issued by LDA. 
 
 The Sellers shall provide the ir original ID card s with original NOC/Ownership letter a t the time of submission of the transfer set presented before the concerned off icer for verification of title documents issue by LDA . 
 
 The Sellers shall ensure their personal presence at the LDA office at the time and date of transfer of Property allocated by the Lahore Development Authority (LDA) . 
 
 The Sellers shall fulfill their obligations mentioned in following table: