Website Terms of Use 
 
 ____________ [DD-MM-YYYY] (the “ Effective Date ”) 
 
 By using mall.olx.com.pk or OLX mobile application of the online platform (collectively, the “ W ebsite ”) , you confirm that you have read, understood and accept these terms of use (“ T erms ”) as the terms which govern your access to and use of the Website and the Service and you agree to comply with them. If you do not accept or agree to comply with these T erms, you must not use this Website. Additionally, when using a portion of the Service, you agree to conform to any applicable posted guidelines for such Service, which may change or be updated from time to time at our sole discretion. 
 
 Th ese Terms are made between OLX (“ we ” “ us ” “ our ”, the “ Company ” , as applicable ) and you (“ you ” or the “ User ”). The Company is part of EMPG Group which operates various websites and the Website . 
 
 If you are a Seller selling on our Website , you will be required to enter into additional terms and conditions set out in our Marketplace Agreement , however, please note that these Terms will still apply and must be read in conjunction with any other agreement you enter into with the Company . 
 
 D efinitions 
 
 T he following capitalised terms shall have the following meaning, except where the context otherwise requires: 
 
 “ Marketplace Agreement ” – an agreement for the provision of marketplace services or Products entered into between the Company and the Seller . 
 
 “ Affiliates ” – any company that is controlled or owned by OLX , any company commonly controlled or owned by OLX and any EMPG G roup entity jointly offering the Service. 
 
 “ OLX ” - Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited which is the owner of mall.olx.com.pk . 
 
 “ Effective Date ” – the date set out at the top of th e s e Terms . 
 
 “ EMPG Group ” – the Emerging Markets Property Group (EMPG) of companies, including, without limitation, OLX and any of its Affiliates. 
 
 “ Intellectual Property Rights ” – all intellectual property, including patents, trade marks , rights in goodwill, database rights and rights in data, rights in designs, copyrights and topography rights (whether or not any of these rights are registered, and including applications and the right to apply for registration of any such rights) and all inventions, rights in know-how, trade secrets and confidential information, customer and supplier lists and other proprietary knowledge and information and all rights under licences and consents in relation to any such rights and all rights and forms of protection of a similar nature or having equivalent or similar effect to any of these which may subsist anywhere in the world for their full term, including any renewals and extensions . 
 
 
 “ Material ”  – material and content published on the Website or otherwise provided by the Company in connection with the Service. 
 
 “Order” - the purchase of a Product using the Service, which constitutes an agreement to sell between you and the Seller. 
 
 “ Price ” - the price at which a Product is offered for sale by the Seller as listed on the Website, inclusive of applicable taxes. 
 
 “ Product ” – the goods or services offered for sale by the Seller using the Service. 
 
 “ Posting Agents ” - a third-party agent, service or intermediary that offers to post Material to the Service on behalf of others . 
 
 “ Registration Details ”   - the details a User must provide up on registering for the Website or when using the Service to purchase a Product from time to time (for example: name, phone numbers, email address, age and /or postal address ) . 
 
 “ Seller ” – the seller entity that is party to the Marketplace Agreement. 
 
 “ Service ”   – the provision of the Website and the online marketplace platform . 
 
 “ Unacceptable ”   – any m aterial or information uploaded to or made available on the Website which under the law of any jurisdiction from which the Website may be accessed may be considered: 
 
 illegal, illicit, indecent, obscene, racist, offensive, pornographic, paedophilic, insulting, false, unreliable, misleading, harmful or potentially harmful to minors , threatening, libellous, alleged to be or actually defamatory or in infringement of third party rights (of whatever nature and including, without limitation, any Intellectual Property Rights) , invasive of another’s privacy or other rights, to relat e to or encourag e money laundering or illegal gambling ; 
 
 in breach of any applicable regulations, standards or codes of practice (notwithstanding that compliance may not be compulsory); 
 
 in contravention of legislation, including without limitation, that relating to weapons, animals or alcohol; or 
 
 harmful to the Company’s reputation. 
 
 “ User Material ” – material and content posted on the Website by a User or otherwise provided to EMPG Group by a User in connection with the Website or the Service. 
 
 General T erms and Conditions W hich A pply to U sers 
 
 In registering for this Website, the User must provide true, accurate, current and complete Registration Details which the User must update after any changes (except age) before using the Website for further services in the future. 
 
 The User hereby agrees and acknowledges that the Website may contain adverts placed by advertisers or companies in the course of business for the sale of goods or services (and which the Company takes no responsibility for) . Advertisers or companies using the Website or the Service to place adverts offering goods or services of a business, commercial or trade nature must include their full names in the advert and make it clear that they are selling goods or services in the course of business either by the content, format, size or place of the advertisement or by including words such as “dealer”, “seller”, “retailer”, “wholesale” or similar in the name of the advert they submit for publication. 
 
 The User hereby warrants and represents to the Compa n y that it is at least eighteen (18) years of age and legally able to enter into contracts. 
 
 The Company reserves the discretion to withdraw any Material or User Materia l from the Website without prior notice and to refuse any User Material posted or provided to the Company by a User. 
 
 The User’s Registration Details and data relating to its use of the Service will be recorded by the Company but this information shall not be disclosed to third parties (otherwise than on an aggregated, anonymous basis, or in accordance with the Privacy Policy or in accordance with Clause REF _Ref13060154 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.6 below ) nor used for any purpose unrelated to the Service . By agreeing to the terms, you expressly give us permission to verify the authenticity of your details by calling you on the phone number submitted to us. The call may be recorded for quality assurance. 
 
 The User hereby authorises the Company to use any information which it submits to th e Website to inform the User of special offers, occasional third party offers , to make available insurance product(s), and for other marketing and related purposes. Without prejudice to Clause REF _Ref25584382 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.5 above, the Company will not use User data for any other purposes than as set out in these Terms except that the Company may disclose this data if compelled to do so by law, or at the request of a law enforcement agency or governmental authority. 
 
 If the User does not wish the Company to use its information as set out in Clause REF _Ref13060154 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.6 above, it should leave the Website before submitting its personal details. 
 
 If the User does not want the Company to use its email address or SMS/mobile number to send information concerning the Service and related matters, the User should send a n email message to wecare@olx.com.pk and insert unsubscribe as the subject heading of such message. 
 
 You must keep confidential any user identification and password details set-up or given to you as part of our security procedures and must not disclose them to any third party. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate a User’s account where, in its absolute discretion, it deems the User has breached these Terms or deems such suspension or termination is otherwise appropriate. In the event of such suspension or termination, the Company will notify the User by email and the User must not seek to re-register on any Website either directly or indirectly through a related entity. The Company ’s rights under this Clause REF _Ref12801235 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.10 shall not prejudice any other right or remedy the Company may have in respect of any breach, or any rights, obligations or liabilities accrued prior to such suspension or termination. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Company is providing a service not goods. 
 
 EMPG Group owns all Intellectual Property Rights in and associated with the Website and the Service, including without limitation, any trade marks , trade names, design s , text, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof. Nothing contained in the Website should be construed as granting by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Website without our written permission. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others to content posted on the Website but you must not modify the digital or paper copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any photographs or videos separately from any accompanying text. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Materials or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the Materials therein. Material displayed on or through the Service is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyrights laws, other laws, and international conventions. Any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the Website , the Materials, or the collective work or compilation is expressly prohibited. Copying or reproducing the Website , the Materials, or any portion thereof for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. 
 
 The Company takes reported and actual infringement of Intellectual Property Rights and fraud extremely seriously and whilst Users cannot hold the Company liable in relation to such issues, the Company requests all Users to report such matters immediately to the Company , and the Company inform the appropriate authorities. W e will make all practical endeavours to investigate and remove Unacceptable content reported by a User within a reasonable amount of time. 
 
 If you are an owner of I ntellectual P roperty R ights or an agent who is fully authorised to act on behalf of the owner of I ntellectual P roperty R ights and believe that any Material or other content infringes upon your I ntellectual P roperty R ight or the I ntellectual P roperty R ight s of the owner on whose behalf you are authorised to act, you may submit a notification to the Company together with a request to the Company to delete the relevant Material in good faith. The notification and the request must contain the following information: 
 
 a physical or electronic signature of a person authori s ed to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 
 
 i dentification of the I ntellectual P roperty R ights claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple Intellectual Property Rights can be covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; 
 
 i dentification of the Material (by means of data or communication link, etc.) that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to locate the M aterial; 
 
 i nformation reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and an electronic mail address; 
 
 a signed statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the M aterial in the manner complained of is not authori s ed by the I ntellectual P roperty R ight s owner, its agent, or the law; 
 
 a signed statement that the I ntellectual P roperty Rights owner hold s the Company harmless from any claim of any third party in connection with the Company removing the relevant content; and 
 
 a signed statement that the information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that you are authorised to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 
 
 All n otifications under Clauses REF _Ref42174524 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.13 and REF _Ref42174536 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 2.14 must be sent to legal@olx.com.pk . 
 
 Users will be invited to send comments to the Company email relating to the integrity and performance of other Users. 
 
 The following restrictions shall apply to all Users. You must: 
 
 not use the Website or the Service in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms , or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into the Website or any Service or any operating system; 
 
 not transmit any material designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of the Website or the Service; 
 
 use any form of automated device or computer program (sometimes referred to as “ flagging tools ” ) that enables the use of the Company s “ flagging system ” or other community control systems without each flag being manually entered by a human that initiates the flag (an “ automated flagging device ” ), or use any such flagging tool to remove posts of competitors, other third parties or to remove posts without a reasonable good faith belief that the post being flagged violates these Terms or any applicable law or regulation; 
 
 not use any automated software to view the Service without our consent (including use of spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download or scrape data from the Service, except for internet search engines ( e.g , Google) and non-commercial public archives (e.g. archive.org) that comply with our robots.txt file) and only access the Service manually; 
 not use the Service other than for your own personal use or as a Seller 
 
 not attempt to copy any Material or reverse engineer any processes without the Company’s consent ; 
 
 not use any Service in any manner that is illegal, immoral or harmful to EMPG Group ; 
 
 not use any Service in breach of any policy or other notice on the Website ; 
 
 not remove or alter any copyright notices that appear on the Website ; 
 
 not publish any User Material which is or may be Unacceptable or that may encourage a breach of any relevant laws or regulations; 
 
 not interfere with any other User ’ s enjoyment of the Website or the Service; 
 
 not conduct yourself in an offensive or abusive manner whilst using the Website or the Service ; 
 
 not contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or make unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose, specifically, contact any U ser to post advertisement on a third party website or post any advertisement on behalf of such U ser; 
 
 “ stalk ” or otherwise harass anyone; 
 
 not collect personal data about other U sers or entities for commercial or unlawful purposes ; 
 
 not transmit any User Material that : 
 
 harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful towards any individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age or disability; 
 
 includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent; 
 
 impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Company employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents an affiliation with a person or entity; 
 
 is protected by copyright or patent, protected by trade secret or trademark, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission or a license from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant the Company all of the license rights granted herein; 
 
 infringes any of the foregoing I ntellectual P roperty R ights of any party, or is User Material that you do not have a right to make available under any law, regulation, contractual or fiduciary relationship(s); 
 
 constitutes or contains “ pyramid schemes ” , “jokes”, “ affiliate marketing, ” “ link referral code, ” “ junk mail, ” “ spam, ” “ chain letters, ” “ bait marketing ” , “ negative option marketing ” , “ referral selling ” or unsolicited advertisements of a commercial nature; 
 
 constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if : ( i ) posted in areas or categories of the Website which are not designated for such purposes; or (ii) e-mailed to the Company U sers who have requested not to be contacted about other services, products or commercial interests; and 
 
 includes links to commercial services or third party websites , except as specifically allowed by the Company. 
 
 By submitting User Material on the Website or otherwise, the User grants EMPG Group a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, display, modify and edit the User Material. EMPG Group will not pay the User any fees whatsoever for the User Material and reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or edit the User Material at any time. The User warrants and represents that it has all rights, consents and/or authorisations in respect of the User Material necessary to grant EMPG Group these rights. 
 
 The Company permits the User to post User Material on the Website in accordance with the Company ’s procedures provided that User Material is not illegal, misleading, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory or otherwise objectionable to the Company . You must not post any Unacceptable m aterial and, in respect of any User Material you post, you warrant that it is not Unacceptable. 
 
 The Company grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Service for personal use. This license granted herein does not include any of the following: (a) access to or use of the Service by Posting Agents; or (b) any collection, aggregation, copying, duplication, display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining, robots, spiders, or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by the Company or as otherwise set forth in these Terms . Notwithstanding the foregoing, general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service, provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with our robots.txt file, may engage in the activities set forth in (b). For purposes of this exception, a “ general purpose internet search engine ” does not include a website or search engine or other service that speciali s es in classified listings including any subset of classifieds listings such as housing, for sale, jobs, services, or personnel , or which otherwise provides classified ad listing services. The license set forth in this Clause 2.20 permits you to display on your website, or create a hyperlink thereto, individual postings on the Service so long as such use is for non-commercial and/or news reporting purposes only (e.g., for use in personal blogs or other personal online media). The Company may limit the amount of postings displayed on or linked to your website. Use of the Service beyond the scope of authori s ed access as set forth in these Terms immediately terminates any permission or license granted herein. In order to collect, aggregate, copy, duplicate, display or make derivative use of the Service or any Material made available via the Service for other purposes (including commercial purposes) not stated herein, you must first obtain a license from the Company. 
 
 The Company offers a service known as “ Featured Ads ” where users may pay a non-refundable fee to have their ads posted in selected locations on the Website , thus potentially increasing an ads' visibility. In order to purchase a Featured Ad, you may be required to transmit certain information through a third party service provider, Click &amp; Buy, a third party website, that may be governed by its own terms of use and other policies. The Company makes no representation or guarantee as to the safety or security of the information transmitted to any third party website, and your linking to any third party website is completely at your own risk, and the Company disclaims all liability related thereto. 
 
 The Company may employ a third-party provider for processing credit /debit card payments for users that use the Product(s) or Services . Such third-party provider may have access to personal information provided by users needed in order to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose. The Company does not have access to or retain any user ’ s payment information . 
 
 RELATIONSHIP between THE PARTIES 
 
 OLX and the Seller are independent parties and, notwithstanding anything contained herein, nothing shall be construed or deemed to create any association, partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between them . 
 
 You agree, understand and acknowledge that the Website is an online platform that enables you to purchase Products listed on the Website at the P rice, any time , using a payment method of your choice. You further agree and acknowledge that the Company is neither a party to nor controls any transaction conducted from and through the Web site and/or the payment gateway. Therefore, the agreement for sale of Products through the Website shall be between you and the Seller . 
 
 P ayment processing occurs between you, the payment gateway service provider and in case of payments with debit/credit cards , your issuer bank. Accordingly, any payment agreement with respect to any payment transaction conducted from and through the Website and/or the payment gateway shall be between you and the payment gateway service provider. 
 
 CONDITIONS OF SALE AND PURCHASE 
 
 A Product listed on the Website constitutes an offer for sale by the Seller, therefore when you place an o rder to purchase a Product through the Service , it is and shall be deemed to constitute an agreement to sell between you and the Seller. The Seller’s use of the Service to offer the Products for sale on the Website does not, in any manner, imply that OLX endorses or is affiliated with the Seller or the Seller’s Products. 
 
 By placing an Order, y ou confirm that the product(s) or service(s) ordered by you are purchased for your internal / personal consumption and not for commercial re-sale. You authorize us to declare and provide declaration to any governmental authority on your behalf stating the aforesaid purpose for your orders on the Webs ite. An Order may be cancel led if the quantit y exceed s typical individual consumption. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product. What comprises a typical individual's consumption quantity limit shall be based on various factors and determined at our sole discretion . 
 
 PRICING, AVAILABILITY AND ORDER PROCESSING 
 
 All Prices on the Website are listed in Pakistani Rupees and will be updated from time to time. Products added in your shopping cart will always reflect the most recent Price . Please note that this Price may differ from the Price displayed for the Product when you first added it in your shopping cart. Adding an item in your shopping cart does not reserve the Price shown at that time. 
 
 We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any Order, at any time, for any reason whatsoev er, whether or not such Order has been confirmed and your payment processed . In the event that a Product is mispriced, we may, at our sole discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your Order and notify you of such cancellation. In case of cancellation of a prepaid Order, the Returns and Refunds Policy will apply. 
 
 Product information including its availability is listed on the Website however we do not guarantee Product availability. As we process your Order, you will be informed if any Product you have ordered is unavailable. 
 
 Before we accept the Order, you may be asked to provide personal information for verification and Order confirmation, including but not limited to phone number and address. Moreover, in order to avoid debit/credit card frauds, we reserve the right to obtain additional information and payment details for validating the payment transaction. Your failure to provide the requisite information will automatically cause the cancellation of the Order. We reserve the right to proceed to direct cancellation of an Order if we suspect a risk of fraudulent use of debit/credit card or for other reasons without prior notice or any subsequent legal liability. 
 
 TAXES 
 
 You shall be responsible for payment of all direct and indirect federal, provincial or local taxes, duties, cess , fees, levies or charges of whatsoever nature payable with respect to the purchase of Products or utilization of Services as may be prescribed or levied from time to time under any applicable law. 
 
 SHIPPING 
 
 The time specified for the delivery of your Order is an approximate time only. For further information about shipping costs and mode of delivery, please see the Shipping Policy . 
 
 Returns and Refunds 
 
 For information about our returns and refunds, please see the Returns and Refunds Policy . 
 
 Paid Postings 
 
 The Company may charge a fee to post Material in some designated areas of the Website ( “ Paid Material ” ). Each party posting Paid Material to the Service is responsible for the Material and compliance with the se Terms . Any such fees paid hereunder are non-refundable in the event any Material is removed from the Website for violating these Terms . 
 
 Posting Agents 
 
 The Company prohibits the use of Posting Agents, directly or indirectly, without the express written permission of the Company. In addition, Posting Agents are not permitted to post Material on behalf of others, directly or indirectly, or otherwise access the Service in order to post Material on behalf of others, except with express written permission or license from the Company. No Spam Policy 
 
 You understand and agree that sending unsolicited email advertisements or other unsolicited communications to the Company addresses or through the Company computer systems are expressly prohibited by these Terms . You acknowledge and agree that from time to time the Company may monitor email usage using human monitors or automated software to flag certain words associated with spam or scams in emails that are sent between one U ser to another in the Company ’s e-mail system. Any communication between yourself and any other U ser utili s ing the communication features available on the Service and the Website may be used only in accordance with the se T erms. 
 
 Any unauthori s ed use of the Company computer systems is a violation of these T erms and certain applicable laws, in particular , Pakistan’s electronic crimes legislation. Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties. Please note that Pakistan’s electronic crimes legislation carries significant penalties including imprisonment. In case you intend to solicit or contact our U sers by obtaining their email or phone numbers from our Website , we may report this behavior to the relevant authorities, who then may decide to prosecute you under the relevant laws of Pakistan . 
 
 Limitation of Liability 
 
 The Compan y shall not be liable for any: 
 
 consequential, indirect , special losses or exemplary damages (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages) ; 
 loss of profit; 
 loss of business; 
 loss of revenue; 
 loss of or corruption to data; 
 loss of use; 
 loss of production; 
 loss of contract; 
 loss of opportunity; 
 loss of savings, discount or rebate (whether actual or anticipated); 
 harm to reputation or loss of goodwill ; 
 loss of anticipated savings, 
 (in the cases of Clauses ‎ REF _Ref12891583 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11.1.2 to REF _Ref42076839 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11.1.12 (inclusive), whether direct or indirect), howsoever arising suffered by any User arising in any way in connection with th ese Terms or for any liability of a User to any third party . 
 
 The limitations at Clause REF _Ref42422306 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11.1 shall also apply with respect to damages incurred by reason of other services or products received through or advertised in connection with the Website or the Service or any links on the Website , as well as by reason of any information , opinions or advice received through or advertised in connection with the Website or the Service or any links to the Website or Service. 
 
 The limitations in this Clause REF _Ref47869339 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11 shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user or third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. 
 
 Whilst the Company will t ake all reasonable attempts to exclude viruses from the Website , it cannot ensure such exclusion and no liability is accepted for viruses. The User is recommended to take all appropriate safeguards before accessing or downloading information or any Material from the Website . 
 
 The Website include s information and m aterials uploaded by other users of the Website . This information and these m aterials have not been verified or approved by the Company and the Company shall not be liable for any m aterial which may be deemed Unacceptable. You further may be exposed to Material that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, objectionable, defamatory or libellous and, as far as the law allows, and subject to Clause REF _Ref42175064 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11 .11 , you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against the Company with respect thereto. 
 
 The Company does not guarantee that the Service will always be accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure, error free or free from computer virus or other invasive or damaging code or that the Service will not be affected by force majeure events, including inability to obtain or shortage of necessary materials, equipment facilities, power or telecommunications, lack of telecommunications equipment or facilities and failure of information technology or telecommunications equipment or facilities. The Company may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Website for business and operational reasons at any time and shall not be liable for any interruption to the Service, whether intentional or otherwise. We recommend that you back up any content and data used in connection with the Website , to protect yourself in case of problems with the Website or the Service. 
 
 The Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these Terms if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control.  
 
 The Company is not liable for any failure in respect of its obligations hereunder which result directly or indirectly from failure or interruption in software or services provided by third parties. 
 
 The Company is not responsible for the direct or indirect consequences of a User linking to any other website from the Website and has not approved such linked websites or the material or information available from them. 
 
 The Company does not guarantee , represent or warrant that the information accessible via the Website is accurate, complete or current. The Company has no liability whatsoever in respect of any use which the User makes of such information. The Website , the Service, and use of all related facilities are provided on an “as is, as available” basis without any warranties whether express or implied. 
 
 The Website and the Service have not been developed (and Material has not been written) to meet the individual requirements of the User and it is the User’s sole responsibility to satisfy itself prior to entering into any transaction or decision that the Website , the Service and the Material are suitable for its purposes. A User in making any financial or other decision based on Material or other information in the Website accepts that it does so exclusively at its own risk and the Company shall have no liability in respect of the same. 
 
 None of the Clauses herein shall apply so as to restrict liability for death or personal injury resulting from the gross negligence of the Company . 
 
 The Website is controlled and offered by the Company from facilities in Pakistan . The Company makes no representations or warranties that the Website is appropriate for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and risk and are responsible for compliance with local law. 
 
 DISCLAIMER 
 
 You acknowledge and undertake that you are accessing the Services on the Webs ite and transacting at your own risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transactions through the Webs ite.  
 
 I ndemnity 
 
 The User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company , EMPG Group and each of their officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses (whether direct, indirect or consequential), liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys’ fees) arising from (a) your improper use of , or your inability to use, the Website or the Service ; (b) your breach of any provision of these T erms ; and/or (c) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other property, or privacy right. As far as the law allows, this defense and indemnification obligation will survive termination, modification or expiration of th ese Terms and your use of the Website and the Service. 
 
 PRIVACY 
 
 For information about our privacy practices, p lease see the Privacy Policy . If you object to your information being transferred or used in the manner specified in the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 We are not responsible for any non-performance or breach of any agreement to sell entered into by and between you and the Seller. 
 
 We are not a party to the agreements to sell between you and the Seller, therefore, if a dispute arises between you and the Seller, OLX (and its agents and employees) shall not be liable for any claims, damages, obligations and losses arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes, unless such dispute is related to or caused by an act, error or omission of OLX. 
 
 The Seller is and shall remain the sole and absolute owner of the Products, including all rights, title and interest therein. The title, ownership and risk of a Product will only be transferred to you when the Product has been successfully delivered to you. In the event you reject or return the Product, title, ownership and risk shall revert to the Seller. The title and ownership of a Product, including any right, title and interest therein, shall not pass to us under any circumstances whatsoever. 
 
 G eneral 
 
 Subject to Clause ‎ REF _Ref47530534 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10 .2 , th e s e Terms , the Privacy Policy and any other expressly incorporated document constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company and neither party has relied on any representation made by the other party unless such representation is expressly included in th e s e Terms . Nothing in this Clause ‎ 16.1 shall relieve either party of liability for fraudulent misrepresentations and neither party shall be entitled to any remedy for either any negligent or innocent misrepresentation except to the extent (if any) that a court or arbitrator may allow reliance on the same as being fair and reasonable. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to alter its terms of business from time to time. The Effective Date at the time the User is reading these Terms is set out at the top of these Terms . Prior to using the Website again in the future, Users should check that the Effective Date has not changed . If it has, the User should examine the new set of terms and conditions and only use the Website if it accepts the new terms and conditions. If you do not accept the changes you should immediately discontinue your access to the Website and your use of the Service. 
 
 If any provision of these Terms or part thereof shall be void for whatever reason, it shall be deemed deleted and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to assign or subcontract any or all of its rights and obligations under th e s e Terms . The User may not assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under these Terms without the Company ’s prior written consent. 
 
 Any notice given pursuant to these Terms may be served personally or by email to the last known email address of the addressee. It is the responsibility of Users promptly to update the Company of any change of address or email address. Such notice shall be deemed to have been duly served upon and received by the addressee, when served personally, at the time of such service or when sent by email twenty-four ( 24 ) hours after the email has been sent. 
 
 The Company shall not be liable for any loss suffered by the other party or be deemed to be in default for any delays or failures in performance hereunder resulting from acts or causes beyond its reasonable control or from any acts of God, acts or regulations of any governmental or supra-national authority. 
 
 Any delay or forbearance by the Company in enforcing any provisions of these Terms or any of its rights hereunder shall not be construed as a waiver of such provision or right thereafter to enforce the same. 
 
 The headings in these Terms are solely used for convenience and shall not have any legal or contractual significance. 
 
 These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan , and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Lahore , Pakistan save that the Company may take action in any relevant jurisdiction to enforce its Intellectual Property Rights. You agree that any cause of action brought by you arising out of or related to your use of the Service and/or the Website must commence within a reasonable time. 
 
 These Terms shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each party's successors. 
 
 If these Terms are translated into any other language and there is a discrepancy between the English text and the text of the other language, the English text version will prevail. 
 
 All website design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof are Copyright © [ ●] , [●] , ALL RIGHTS RESERVED . 
 
 OLX Mall is a trademark of Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited or its subsidiaries and may be registered in certain parts of the world.