TEMPORARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
This Temporary Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into at [●] on this [●] day of [●]
(“Effective Date”), by and between:

Online Classifieds Pakistan (SMC-Private) Limited, a private limited company, registered
under the laws of Pakistan, having its registered place of business located at 2nd floor of E-E Gulberg
III, Lahore, Pakistan (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” which expression shall mean and
include its successors in interest and permitted assigns);

AND
Ms./ Mr. [●], d/o s/o w/o [●], bearing CNIC No. [●], resident of [●] (“Employee”)
[Each a “Party” and, collectively, “Parties”]
WHEREAS, Company is desirous of employing on temporary basis, and the Employee is willing to
accept such employment, to undertake and perform the tasks and responsibilities of «Designation».
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT
1.

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Company hereby
engages and the Employee hereby accepts the engagement as «Designation», and to
provide and perform her/his duties in relation thereto, in a timely, expeditious, and
professional manner, and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.

The Employee shall work under Supervision of her/his line manager.

3.

This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for a period
of [●] or until earlier termination or modification of this Agreement as per the terms hereof
and in accordance with applicable laws (“Employment Period”).
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES

4.

Employee is not an agent, representative, assign or nominee of the Company and shall not
at any time during the Employment Period or after termination or expiry hereof, represent
himself/herself as connected with the Company in any capacity.

5.

Employee agrees that the Employee does not have the authority to act for or on behalf of the
Company, to bind the Company in any respect whatsoever, or to incur any debts or liabilities
in the name of or on behalf of the Company.

6.

During the Employment Period or upon termination or expiry hereof, the employee shall not
ipso facto be entitled to, demand or claim regular or permanent employment.

7.

Company shall provide to the Employee such access to Company’s resources, data and
information, personnel, equipment, and property as may be reasonably required by the
Employee in performance of his/her services, subject to Employee’s confidentiality
obligations hereunder.

8.

Employee hereby assigns Company the right to monitor and record exchange of any
communication, information, or data conducted by the Employee via Company's electronic

Commented [ZS1]: As per law, temporary employment
contract (including renewals) cannot exceed 9 months. After
9 months, employee will be considered permanent and
eligible for benefits.

systems. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is
necessary for the purpose of: ensuring compliance with Company’s policies, as may be
amended from time to time; preventing misuse of Company’s facilities, ensuring compliance
with confidentiality obligations or any other term of this Agreement.
REMUNERATION
9.

The Employee’s salary shall be PKR XX,000 per month (the “Remuneration”). The
Remuneration, subject to such deductions, if any, as specified under the terms of this
Agreement including withholding and/or any other applicable taxes, shall be payable on
monthly basis. Unless the Parties hereto otherwise agree in writing, the Company shall pay
the Salary by a direct deposit to Employee’s bank account, details of which are to be provided
by Employee.

10.

The Employee is not entitled to receive or claim any additional benefit of any kind from
Company other than those specifically mentioned in this Agreement. Further, the Employee
shall not be eligible to participate in any pension, health/medical benefit, vacation pay,
provident fund or other fringe benefit plan/policy offered by the Company to its permanent
employees. However, the Employee shall be entitled to sick pay/medical leave and casual
leave on pro-rata basis as per Company Policy.
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS
11. The Employee is not subject to any restraint, limitation or restrictions by virtue of any law,
contract or otherwise which would impair her/his right or ability to enter into this Agreement
with the Company or to perform fully her/his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

12.

Employee represents and warrants that all duties and responsibilities under this Agreement
shall be provided and performed by the Employee in a prompt and diligent manner, exercising
professional skill and reasonable care, and at a level of proficiency and expertise that is
reasonably expected of «Designation».
CODE OF CONDUCT
13. The Employee shall perform all duties and responsibilities under this Agreement with due
care and professional skill. The Employee acknowledges that the duties and responsibilities
provided in this Agreement are not exhaustive and the Employee shall be required to
undertake all tasks that are associated with the position of Designation. The Employee shall
perform all other duties and responsibilities that are assigned to Employee by the Company
from time to time. The tasks or assignments may be subject to changes pending on marketing
activities or project plans. The Employee may be called upon to support and collaborate with
other department members. In such case, the Employee undertakes to extend the required
support and collaborate with relevant department members without any objection or delay.

14.

In the performance of all of her/his duties and responsibilities hereunder, the Employee shall
be subject to, and shall fully comply with, all Company Policies, rules and regulations as are
from time to time in effect and applicable to its employees. So long as the Employee is
employed under this Agreement, except for statutory holidays, vacations and absences due
to temporary illness, Employee shall serve the Company faithfully and to the best of her/his
ability exclusively on behalf of the Company and for the benefit of the Company and any
affiliated companies, and shall competently and diligently discharge her/his duties and
responsibilities hereunder to the complete satisfaction of the Company.

15.

The Employee shall report any wrongdoing committed by her/him or any other officer to
her/his line manager or any other designated officer of the Company.

Commented [ZS2]: Leaves policy of the temporary
employees needs to be included in the Company Policy.

16.

The Employee shall not make any binding commitment on behalf of the Company, unless
authorised by the Company in writing to do so.

17.

The Employee shall not, at any time, make any untrue or misleading statement relating to the
Company, and shall uphold the interests of the Company to the best of her/his ability and shall
do nothing to prejudice such interests at any time, either during the Employment Period or after
termination/expiry hereof.

18.

The Employee shall, at all times, both within and outside of working hours, conduct
himself/herself in a proper and fitting manner towards Company and its customers and duly
and properly observe, obey, comply with and adhere to, in all respects, all policies of
Company (as may be amended from time to time), applicable local laws, rules and
regulations.

19.

The Employee shall not assign the benefit of this Agreement to any third party and shall not
delegate to a third party the duties required to be performed by him/her under the Agreement.
The Employee shall not act in any manner contrary to the interests of Company.
CONFIDENTIALITY
20. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means, without limitation,
any and all:
(a) Software: All information relating to existing software products, whether owned and/or
licensed and/or developed by the Company, and software programs and products in
various stages of research and such other development which is not generally known to
the public or within the computer industry or trade in which the Company competes (such
as know-how, design specifications, algorithms, technical formulas, engineering data,
benchmark test results, methodologies, procedures, techniques, and information
processing processes) including, but not limited to, models, consumer behavior insights,
mathematical expressions, algorithms and proprietary marketing concepts, and the
physical embodiments of such information (such as drawings, specification sheets,
design notes, source code, object code, load modules, schematics, flow charts, logic
diagrams, procedural diagrams, coding sheets, work sheets, documentation,
annotations, printouts, studies, manuals, proposals and any other written or machinereadable manuals, proposals and any other written or machine readable expressions of
such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(b) Other Products and Services: All information relating to consulting, training and other
proprietary products or services, whether existing or in various stages of research and
development, which are not generally known to the public or within the computer industry
or trade in which the Company competes (such as know-how, specifications, technical
data, engineering data, processes, techniques, methodologies, and strategies), including,
but not limited to, models, consumer behavior insights, mathematical expressions,
algorithms and proprietary marketing concepts, and the physical embodiments of such
information (such as drawings, schematics, specification sheets, instructor manuals,
course materials, training aids, video cassettes, transparencies, slides, taped recordings
of presentations, proposals, printouts, studies, contracts, maintenance manuals,
documentation, and any other written or machine-readable expressions of such
information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(c) Business Procedures: All information concerning or relating to the way the Company
conducts its business which is not generally known to the public (such as internal
business procedures, controls, plans, licensing techniques and practices, supplier,
subcontractor and prime contractor names and contracts and other vendor information,
computer system passwords and other computer security controls, financial information,
distributor information, information supplied by clients and customers of Company and

employee data) and the physical embodiments of such information (such as check lists,
samples, services and operational manuals, contracts, proposals, print-outs,
correspondence, forms, listings, ledgers, financial statements, financial reports, financial
and operational analyses, financial and operational studies, management reports of every
kind, databases, employment records, and any other written or machine-readable
expressions of such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(d) Marketing Plans and Customer Lists: All information pertaining to Company’s marketing
plans and strategies; forecasts and projections; marketing practices, procedures and
policies; financial data; discounts; margins; costs; credit terms; pricing practices,
procedures and policies; goals and objectives; quoting practices, procedures and
policies; and customer data including customer lists, contracts, representatives,
requirements and needs, specifications, data provided by or about prospective existing
or past customers and contract terms applicable to such customers, and the physical
embodiments of such information (such as license agreements, customer lists, print-outs,
databases, marketing plans, marketing reports, strategic business plans, marketing
analyses and management reports, seminar and class attendee rosters, trade show or
exhibit attendee listings, listings of potential customers and leads, and any other written
or machine-readable expressions of such information as are fixed in any tangible media).
(e) Not Generally Known: Any information in addition to the foregoing which is not generally
known to the public or within the industry or trade in which the Company competes which
gives the Company any advantage over its competitors, and the physical embodiments
of such information in any tangible form, whether written or machine-readable in nature.
(f) Proprietary information and Inventions: Any information that the Company or any
affiliated company develops, possesses, owns or develops or that the Company or
affiliated company receives under conditions of confidentiality including
i.

information and Inventions, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, disclosed by the
Company or any affiliated company (including their respective employees, agents
and independent contractors) to Employee in the course of her/his employment
hereunder;

ii.

information and Inventions, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, developed,
created or learned by Employee during the course of her/his employment hereunder;

iii.

information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, that has or could have
commercial value in the business in which the Company and any affiliated company
or their respective clients are engaged or in which they contemplate engaging;

iv.

information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, that, if disclosed without
authorization, could be detrimental to the interest of the Company or any affiliated
companies whether or not such information is identified as confidential information
by the Company or any affiliated companies;

v.

all information, in whatever form, tangible or intangible, on Inventions, hardware
configuration information, technology, drawings, engineering, know-how, product
information and plans, products, services, research, formats, practices and
techniques, marketing plans, business and financial information and plans,
strategies, forecasts, unpublished financial statements, budgets, projections,
employee lists and information, customer and supplier identities (including, but not
limited to, customers and suppliers of the Company or affiliated company with whom
Employee becomes acquainted in the course of her/his employment hereunder) and
other business information and agreements disclosed to Employee by the Company
or any affiliated companies.

Confidential Information does not include any portions of such information which are now,
or which have become publicly known and made generally available through no wrongful
act of Employee or others who are under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items
involved.

21. The Employee recognizes that during her/his employment with the Company he may gain
access to Confidential Information which is of substantial value to the Company and which
gives the Company an advantage over its competitors. The Employee hereby agrees, at all
times during her/his employment hereunder and after the termination of such employment,
to take the following steps to preserve the confidential and proprietary nature of Confidential
Information:
(a)

The Employee shall hold in strictest confidence and shall not use any Confidential
Information or disclose any Confidential Information to any person or entity without the
prior written authorization of the Company or as may be required by applicable law or
the order of any competent court or governmental entity. The Employee hereby
acknowledges and understands that he is not allowed to sell, license or otherwise
exploit, in whole or in part, any Confidential Information;

(b)

The Employee shall take reasonable precautions to prevent the inadvertent or
accidental disclosure of Confidential Information;

(c)

The Employee shall not remove any Confidential Information from Company’s premises
or make copies of such materials except as may be necessary to perform her/his duties
and responsibilities hereunder and subject to approval of the Company;

(d)

The Employee shall promptly return to the Company, in proper condition, all
Confidential Information and copies thereof, any records, documents, notes,
memoranda, manuals, drawings, computer programs, diskettes, computer tapes and
software that contains any Confidential Information and other materials and property of
any nature belonging to the Company or any affiliated companies at any time upon the
request of the Company, in any event and without such request, prior to the last day of
Employee’s employment hereunder. The Employee shall not retain, make copies of or
remove any Confidential Information or any copies thereof, any records, documents,
notes, memoranda, manuals, drawings, computer programs, diskettes, computer
tapes, and software that contains any Confidential Information or other materials and
property of any nature belonging to the Company or any affiliated companies on or after
the last day of Employee’s employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever.

22. The Employee hereby gives consent to the Company to monitor and record the exchange of
any communications, information or data through the Company's electronic systems. The
Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is necessary for the
purpose of ensuring compliance with Company policies, as may be amended from time to
time, misuse of Company facilities, breach of confidentiality or any other term of this
Agreement.
23. The Employee shall be advised from time to time in writing of the extent and scope of her/his
authority in dealing with third parties and shall work within the scope of such authority. In the
absence of any specific express written authority, the Employee shall not make any binding
commitment on behalf of the Company.
24. The Employee hereby agrees that, for so long as the Employee is employed by the Company,
he shall not improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any
third party including a former employer or other person and shall not bring onto the
Company’s premises any unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to such
employer or person unless consented to in writing by such employer or person. The
Employee shall hold the Company and its affiliated companies indemnified against any claims
that arise as a result of unauthorized use of propriety information of a third party.
25. The confidentiality obligations under this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiry of
this Agreement.
INVENTIONS & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

26. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Inventions” means, without limitation, any and all
original works of authorship, ideas, concepts, designs, discoveries, inventions, intellectual
property rights, databases, mask works, trade secrets, computer software programs and
applications, developments, improvements, processes, systems, source codes, formulas,
specifications, compositions of matter, experimental and developmental techniques, data,
know-how and/or technical information made, learned, conceived, devised, invented,
created, or developed by Employee (either solely or under Employee’s direction or jointly with
others) during the term of Employee’s employment hereunder, whether or not during the
normal working hours or on the premises of the Company and whether or not patentable,
copyrightable or protectable as trade secrets.
27. The Employee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably assigns to the Company all rights,
including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual
property rights associated with any ideas, concepts, techniques, Inventions, processes,
works of authorship, Confidential Information or trade secrets:
(i)

conceived, developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, during
the Term;

(ii)

that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during
the Term that relate to the Company or its affiliated companies, or the predecessors
of any such entities, or the actual or anticipated research or development of the
Company or any affiliated companies of the Company, or the predecessors of any
such entities;

(iii)

that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during
the Term that are made through the use of any of the finances, equipment, facilities,
supplies, trade secrets or time of the Company or its affiliated companies, or the
predecessors of any such entities, or that result from any work the Employee performs
for the Company or its Affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities;

(iv)

developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, at any time before
the signing of this Contract, that relate to or involve the Company’s businesses
(including, inter alia the business of the Company group, i.e. Emerging Markets
Property Group (the “Company Group”)); and

(v)

any and all moral rights that the Employee may have in, or with respect to, any and
all Inventions.

(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above shall collectively be "Work Product")
28. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent possible, all software, compilations and other
original works of authorship included in the Work Product will be considered a work made
for hire. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee for any reason retains any right, title
or interest in or relating to any Work Product, the Employee agrees promptly to assign, in
writing and without any requirement of further consideration, all such right, title, and interest
to the Company.
29. The Employee hereby forever waives and agrees never to assert any and all moral rights
she/he may have in, or with respect to, any Invention, even after termination of this
Agreement. For the purposes of this Article 29, “moral rights” mean any rights to claim
authorship of an Invention, to object to, or prevent, the modification of any Invention, or to
withdraw from circulation or control the publication or distribution of any Invention, and any
similar right, existing under judicial or statutory law of any country in the world, or under any
treaty, regardless of whether or not such right is denominated or generally referred to as a
“moral right”.
30. The Employee hereby agrees and undertakes to assist the Company or its designees in every
proper way to give effect to the legal assignment contemplated in Article 27 and obtain and
secure the Company’s rights in the Inventions and enforce patents, copyrights, mask work

rights, trade secret rights and other legal protections for the Inventions in any and all
countries. To this effect, Employee hereby undertakes to comply with such procedures as
may be necessary or desirable or requested by the Company or its designee and execute
any and all documents (which shall include without limitation, conveyances, assignments,
applications, specifications and all other instruments) as may be necessary or desirable or
requested by the Company or its designee to effect the legal assignment contemplated in
Article 27 and obtain and secure the Company’s rights in the Inventions and enforce patents,
copyrights, mask work rights, trade secret rights or other legal protections for the Inventions.
The Employee further agrees that her/his obligations under this Article 30 will survive the
termination of this Agreement and Employee’s employment hereunder. If the Company or its
designee is unable for any reason whatsoever to secure Employee’s execution of any
documents pursuant to this Article 27, Employee hereby irrevocably designates and appoints
the Managing Partners of the Company as her/his agent and attorney in fact to act for and in
Employee’s behalf and stead to execute and file any such documents and to do all other
lawfully permitted acts in connection with this Article 32 in respect of any and all Inventions,
ideas, concepts, techniques, processes, works of authorship, Confidential Information or
trade secrets, with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Employee.
NON-COMPETE & NON-SOLICITATION
31. Non-Solicitation: The Employee agrees that, during the Term and for a period of one (1)
year from the date of termination of this Agreement or such other maximum period as may
be permitted under law , the Employee shall not, singly, jointly, or as a partner, member,
contractor, employee or agent of any partnership or as an officer, director, employee, agent,
contractor, shareholder or investor in any other persons or entities or in any other capacity,
directly or indirectly:
(a) recruit, solicit, entice, persuade or induce any employee, consultant, agent, independent
contractor of the Company or any affiliated companies or any other person to terminate
her/his employment or relationship with the Company or hire any such employee,
consultant, agent or independent contractor or person or authorize or assist in the taking
of any such actions by any third party;
(b) solicit or influence or attempt to influence any client, customer or other person to direct
her/his or its business (as conducted during the term of Employee’s employment
hereunder) to any person in competition with the business of the Company or any
affiliated companies;
(c) give advice or supply or provide any goods, services or information to any person, client,
customer, contractor, agent, consultant of the Company or any affiliated companies,
including any prospective supplier, customer, contractor or client of the Company or
affiliated companies of which the Employee has knowledge, idea or awareness due to
her/his employment; or
(d) take any action which is prejudicial to the name, business and/or trading position of the
Company or its affiliated companies which would or could cause harm or damage to the
Company or any employee of the Company.
32. Non-Competition: During the period of Employee’s employment hereunder and for one (1)
year from the date of termination of this Agreement or such other maximum period as may
be permitted under law, the Employee shall not within the territorial limits of
[city/province/country/region]:
(a)

carry on any business or activity, whether as principal, officer, director, partner,
employee, consultant, adviser, in any person or entity that is engaged in any business
which is in competition with the Company or any affiliated companies; or

(b)

engage in, or own or control any interest in (except as a passive investor in less than
one percent (1%) of the shareholding in a company) any person or entity that is
engaged in Pakistan or any geographic area in any business which is in competition
with the Company or any affiliate companies.

(c)

In this regard, the Employee specifically acknowledges and agrees that the
aforementioned restrictive covenants shall apply in respect of the entities listed in the
Company Policy (including the subsidiaries, associates, affiliates and any entities in
which the same have any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest or with which the
listed entities have any strategic business relationships).

CONFLICT OF INTEREST
33.

At the time of signing of this Agreement, the Employee declares and confirms that he/she
has no conflicting obligations exist between the Employee’s obligation under this Agreement
and any other third party. The Employee undertakes to inform the Company of any such past
or present conflicts and to seek prior approval of the Company before entering into any
agreement, commitment or position with any other organization that may cause a conflict or
hinder the performance of his/her obligations under this Agreement.

34.

The Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, accept any commission, rebate, discount, or
gratuity, in cash or in kind, from any person, partnership or any third party who has or is likely
to have any sort of relationship with Company, its subsidiaries or associated entities.
INDEMNITY

35.

In the event of breach or violation of her/his obligations of confidentiality, non-compete and
non-solicitation, the Employee hereby undertakes and agrees to indemnify the Company for
a minimum amount of PKR [●] (Rupees [●] only) (the “Indemnity Amount”).

36.

For payment of the Indemnity Amount, the Employee shall execute a suitable instrument(s)
in favor of the Company.

37.

The Company shall also be entitled to recover and set off the Indemnity Amount from any
amounts due to the Employee under this Agreement.

38.

The Employee hereby acknowledges that the restrictions pertaining to Non-Solicitation, NonCompete and Intellectual Property under this Agreement are necessary for the protection of
the business and goodwill of the Company and affiliated companies and are reasonable for
such purpose. The Employee hereby agrees that any breach of aforementioned provisions
by Employee will cause irreparable damage to the Company and Affiliate and that in the event
of such breach, the Company and affiliated companies shall be entitled, in addition to the
Indemnity in Article 34, to any other remedies available to the Company and affiliated
companies under this Agreement and at law, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief,
and to payment by him of all costs (including, without limitation, reasonable legal costs)
incurred by the Company and affiliated companies in enforcing the provisions of this
Agreement.

39.

The provision(s) of the aforesaid instrument(s)and indemnification by the Employee is without
prejudice to any other rights of the Company under this Agreement. Further, the Indemnity
Amount is not by way of a cap and in case of any losses/damages/costs incurred or suffered
by the Company in excess of the Indemnity Amount, the Employee shall remain liable for any

such losses/damages/costs and the Company shall be entitled to recover the same through
all available legal means.
40.

In the event that the Employee performs represents or undertakes anything without or outside
the mandate of authorisation from the line manager or any other designated officer, it shall
be considered a breach of this Agreement and shall not create any contractual or legal
obligations on the Company in any respect. The Employee shall be personally liable to
indemnify the Company against any liability (commercial, legal or otherwise) that may arise
out of such un-authorized actions or omissions of the Employee.

41.

Employee shall indemnify and hold harmless Company from and against all claims, damages,
losses, and expenses arising out of or resulting from acts or omissions of the Employee.
TERMINATION

42.

This Agreement shall expire upon successful and satisfactory completion of Employment
Period and performance or extinction of commercial requirements and obligations hereunder.

43.

This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon serving of at least 1 (one)
days/months’ written notice to the other Party at any time during the Employment Period; or

44.

The Company is entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time without notice if the
Employee:
(a)

Breaches of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by the Employee;

(b)

Commits theft, fraud or is dishonest in connection with the Company’s business or
property or the business or property belonging to an affiliated company;

(c)

Wilfully damages or loses the Company’s property or property belonging to an
affiliated company;

(d)

Is habitually absent without leave or absence without leave for more than five (5) days;

(e)

Is habitually late in attendance;

(f)

Behaves in a disorderly manner behaviour during working hours;

(g)

Is habitually negligent or neglects work;

(h)

Breaches any applicable laws, including inter alia being convicted of any criminal
offence;

(i)

Commits any act or omission, including misconduct, that interferes with the
Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement;

(j)

Commits any act or omission, including misconduct that interferes with or prejudices
the proper conduct of the business of the Company or any affiliated company or which
may reasonably result in harm to the reputation of the Company or any affiliated
company;

(k)

has other employment(s) which has not been disclosed to the Company at the time of
execution of this Agreement;

(l)

ceases to be eligible to work in the Pakistan and/or is declared bankrupt; and/or

Commented [ZS3]: Notice Period shall be one (1) day for
agreements with a term of nine (9) months or less.
In case the term exceeds nine (9) months, one (1) month
notice period should be given by the Company to the
Employee.

(m)

is totally or permanently incapacitated, by death or injury, or as a result of any mental
illness.

45.

The rights of Company to terminate this Agreement are without prejudice to any other rights
that it might have at law.

46.

On termination of this Agreement, the Employee shall immediately (a) deliver to the Company
all the documents, records, books, all documents pertaining to Confidential Information,
information relating to business affairs, mobile phones, computer, and any keys, which are
in the possession of the Employee or under his/her control.

47.

If upon or after the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, the Employee
is or becomes indebted to the Company in any sum or sums of money, the Company shall
have the right to retain and set off against the amount of such indebtedness the whole or any
part of the money then or thereafter becoming due to the Employee. The forgoing right shall
be in addition and without prejudice to all other rights, powers and remedies of the Company
to recover or obtain payment of the amount of such indebtedness.

48.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any termination or expiry of this
Agreement will not be effective as to provisions of this Agreement (more specifically nonsolicitations, confidentiality and non-compete) which, by their express terms, require
performance by either party following termination or expiry of this Agreement.
MISCELLANEOUS

49.

Any notice herein referred to shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given to or served on
the Party to whom it is addressed via registered post or email.

50.

This Agreement, along with Annex-A hereto and all applicable policies of the Company as
may be amended from time to time, constitute the entire Agreement between the Parties and
overrides any and all verbal or written arrangements made by and between the Parties prior
to the execution of this Agreement.

51.

Execution of this Agreement is done in good faith by the Parties.

52.

In case the Employee is in breach of the Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to resort
to any and all available legal remedies to enforce its contractual rights against the Employee
and any person connected thereto and in particular, to seek injunction from a competent
forum against the Employee or any other relevant person(s) for the effective enforcement of
the aforementioned covenants. In concomitant thereto, the Employee fully understands and
agrees to the covenants of the Agreement and acknowledges that in view of the applicable
laws as interpreted by the Courts, the same are reasonable in order for the Company to
protect its legitimate financial and business interests.

53.

This Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Islamic
Republic of Pakistan. The Parties hereto submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at
Lahore.

54.

Any dispute under or arising out of this Agreement shall be referred in accordance with the
Arbitration Act, 1940 and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties.

55.

If either Party fails to fulfill its obligations hereunder when such failure is due to an event of
force majeure, then such failure shall not be considered a default of obligations hereunder
for the duration of such event, and for such time thereafter as is reasonable to enable the

affected Party or Parties to resume performance under this Agreement. Provided that in no
event shall such time extend for a period of more than ten (10) business days.
56.

This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the Parties hereto. The provisions of this Agreement are severable.

57.

Any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party or
Parties hereto entitled to the benefit thereof. Waiver shall be in writing signed by or on behalf
of the Party or Parties waiving such terms or conditions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the
conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses.
SIGNED BY:
For and on behalf of Employee

For and on behalf of Company

[Name, Designation]

[Name, Designation]

WITNESSED BY:
For and on behalf of Company
For and on behalf of Employee
Name: _______________________
CNIC: _______________________
Date: _______________________

Name: ______________________
CNIC: ______________________
Date: _______________________