JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN

ZAMEEN FORTE (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED

AND

ZEDEM INTERNATIONAL (PRIVATE) Lll\fiTED

II IIII ll IlIll Ill III ll IIllll II Ill III IllIII II II lIllIl\1111II111111 II\

071722

500

THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into at Rawalpindi
on this 24th day of May, 2021 by and between:

ZAMEEN FORTE (SMC-PRJVATE) LIMITED , a company duly
incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its
registered office at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg TH,
Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan
(hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which expression shall, where the
context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-ininterest, administrators and assigns);

AND
ZEDEM INTERNATIONAL (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly
mcorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its
registered office at Faisal Tower, Faisal Town, Fateh Jung Road,
Rawalpindi, acting through its authorized representative and Director Mr.
Zohair Majeed son of Abdul Majeed, resident of Park Road, House No. 16,
Sector F-8/2 Islamabad, bearing CNIC 33104-3396404-9 (hereinafter
referred to as "ZEDEM" which expression shall, where the context so
permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest,
administrators and assigns).
(Zameen and ZEDEM shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a "Party" and
collectively as the "Par ties").

WHEREAS:
(A)

Each of Zameen and ZEDEM are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects;

(B)

The Parties destre and agree to undertake a mutually beneficial project in the name
and style as mutually agreed between the Parties on the Project Land located at Plot
No 05 situated in Block C, Faisal Town, Fateh Jang Road (N80), Rawalpindi, (the
" Project Land");

Rawalpindi (as more particularly described herein below) (the "Project Land")
and has agreed to transfer/convey the Project Land to the Joint Venture for the
Project, in the manner detailed herein.

(D)

In order to undertake the Project on the Project Land, the Parties have agreed that
they will undertake, manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under
the laws of Pakistan and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this
Agreement;

(E)

The Parties acknowledge giving the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows:
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"Agreement" means this Agreement concluded between the Parties including all
Annexures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Allotment Letter" means the allotment letter to be issued by the Landowner in
the name of the Joint Venture.
"Amnesty Scheme" means the scheme under Section lOOD of the Income Tax
Ordinance 200 l as amended vide Finance Act, 2020 along with any further
amendments and/or revisions from time to time in relation thereto.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Project the time when the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture for sale to the public.
"Complex" means the residential building consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Project Master Plan.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under Clause 12.3.
"Construction" means the technical supervision, civil engineering and
construction supervision, supervision of the design stage, quality controls,
implementation of the Project and management services, which includes without
limitation the entire Project management, detailed supervision of the Works and
coordination between consultants and Contractors, to achieve complete
construction and development of the Project in accordance with the Project Master
Plan and the Schedule of Works.
"Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to be executed
between the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 3 of28
THlS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 3 of28

"Construction Contractor" means CAM Construction (Private) Limited.
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours
Pakistan time, unless specified herein as starting from a different hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to
Clause 12.
"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parties.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge, mortgage, charge,
hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
"Events of Default" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1.
"Fair Market Value" means the value of the Project, Joint Venture or Project
Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Valuer.
"Feasibility Report" means the report detailing the projected or estimated costs,
returns, revenue and profits of the Project prepared, agreed and duly signed by the
Parties at the time of submission of final drawings to the relevant Government
Authority(ies) which shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement.
"FBR Registration" means registration of the Project with Federal Board of
Revenue under the Amnesty Scheme.
"Federal Board of Revenue" means Federal Board of Revenue of Pakistan.
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Pakistan and/or any
ministry, department or subdivision thereof including but not limited to local and
municipal authorities such as the Rawalpindi Development Authority, Faisal Town
or any person exercising executive, legislative, regulatory or administrative
functions on behalf of the foregoing including, without limitation those persons,
offices and/or entities responsible for the regulation, certification and approval of
building and building services design and construction, roads, traffic, electricity
and water transmission and distribution, telecommunications, wastewater and
sewage, and all environmental, archaeological and historical, tourism and public
health matters.
"Initial Construction" means the construction of the site office and excavation of
Project Land.
"Independent Valuer" shall mean either one consulting firm selected by the
Parties from any one of the Big Four consulting firms namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf
Adil ; (ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF
Ferguson & Co, or, in the event that the Parties are unable to agree on such
selection, a panel of three (3) consulting firms to be constituted in the manner
prescribed in Clause 12.
"Initial Contribution" means the funds or other arrangements agreed to be
contributed, initially to the Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in Clause
3.1.

Zameen Forte initials:

~I---~

Page 4 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 4 of28

"Joint Ventur e" means the joint venture established between Zameen and
ZEDEM for the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms hereof.
"Landowner" means ZEDEM International (Private) Limited, in its capacity as the
sole and absolute owner in possession of the Project Land.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or given effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 8.1. l
"Market Rate" means the average of the construction rates obtained by the Project
Management Committee from two or more independent construction companies
(of similar PEC certified category) from open market.
"Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and " Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month according to the Gregorian calendar.
"Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Total Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with Clause 12.7.
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
"Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
construction and maintenance of the Complex, its marketing and sales, and all
activities materially incidental thereto.
"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Complex, MEP, drainage, sewage and structural
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to Faisal Town and Rawalpindi Development Authority, with respect to the Project.
"Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4.2.
"Project Commencement Date" means the date of receipt of Project Approvals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means when the Project is fully completed as per the
Project Master Plan and, except as otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers ' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 5 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 5 of28

"Project Land" means the land measuring 16.72 Kanals located at Plot No 05
situated in Block C, Faisal Town, Fateh Jang Road (N80), Rawalpindi, as more
fully described in the site map attached in Annexure A.
"Project Land Cost" means the consideration for the Project Land to be paid to
the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with Clause 4.1.8
"Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in Clause 4.1.6.
"Project Management Committee" means the committee formed pursuant to
Clause 5 of this Agreement for the overall management of the Project.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and project schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, including
any contracts through which the Units will be agreed to be sold, sold and ultimately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds realized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall include the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sold Units in prior Months.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out for the completion of the
Project, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from time to time.
"Senior Officers'' means (a) Mr. Zohair Majeed for ZEDEM, and (b) Mr. Zeeshan
Ali Khan for Zameen.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Project Completion
or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
"Total Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
Proceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residential apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required for the completion of the Complex.
1.2

Interpretation
In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:

(a)

A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactment's or replacements of any of them;

(e)

The singular includes the plural and vice versa;

Zameen Forte initials:

I

ZEDEM International:

Page 6 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFlDENTlAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 6 of28

(f)

the word "person" includes a firm, a body corporate, whether registered or
unregistered or an authority;

(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on which banks are not open for general banking business in
Lahore, Pakistan, that obligation is to be performed on the next business
day;

(l)

reference to 'written' or 'writing' means any band-written, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable, e-mail and facsimile
transmission.

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2.1

The Parties agree and understand that the Project will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. The sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Project Land.

2.2

The Parties agree and understand that to undertake the Project on the Project Land
and to purchase the Project Land and transfer/ convey the title thereof in the name
of the Joint Venture the Parties shall formulate a partnership under the Partnership
Act, 1932 by entering into and executing a partnership deed and/or any other
relevant document that shall be registered in the office of the registrar of firms.

2.3

During the term of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or permit/facilitate
the utilization of the Project Land or any part thereof for any purpose other than the
Project.

2.4

This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the Effective
Date. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the Tenn or such
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminated in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

2.5

Notwithstanding anything contrary in any other agreement, document, deed,
understanding, or arrangement in writing between the parties, the provisions of this
Agreement shall prevail over the provisions of such other agreement, document,
deed, understanding or arrangement and this Agreement shall supersede such other
agreement, document, deed, understanding or arrangement.

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3.1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3 .1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall be as
follows:
Contribution (Rs.)

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 7 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 7 of28

ZEDEM
Zameen
Total

Project
Aggroval
Cost

Project Land
Transfer Cost

Initial
Construction
Cost

Design &
Architecture
Cost

Total
Contribution

-

-

-

-

-

48,850,000
48,850,000

150,000
150,000

21,500,000
21,500,000

27,500,000
27,500,000

98,000,000
98,000,000

3.1.2

The Project Land shall be the contribution by ZEDEM, and Zameen shall contribute
towards initial Construction Cost, Project Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer
Cost and Design and Architecture Cost in the manner outlined in Clause 4 wherein
Project Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer Cost and Initial Construction Cost
shall be subject to any adjustment on the basis of actual cost incurred.

3.2

Profit-Sharing Formula
The Parties agree and understand that that they will share profits in accordance with
the formula set out below:
ZEDEM
Zameen

50% of the
50% of the

The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in
accordance with Clause 10 below.

4.

ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND & PROJECT APPROVALS

4.1

Project Land

4.1. l

For the purposes of undertaking the Project on the Project Land and transfer of the
same to the Joint Venture, the Joint Venture shall purchase the Project Land from
the Landowner. In this regard, ZEDEM shall ensure/procure that the Project Land
is transferred and conveyed to the Joint Venture through Allotment Letter, along
with handing over of vacant possession to the Joint Venture.

4.1.2

For the purpose of transferring/conveying the Project Land in favor of the Joint
Venture ZEDEM as the Landowner shall issue Allotment Letter in the name of the
Joint Venture within thirty (30) days from the date of the singing of this agreement
or as mutually agreed between the parties.

4.1.3

The Joint Venture shall apply for allotment of the Project Land to ZEDEM as
Landowner whereupon ZEDEM as Landowner shall issue Allotment Letter,
provisional no demand certificate and possession letter along with any other
document and/or certificate to be issued in the name of the Joint Venture for
transferring and conveying the Project Land in the name of the Joint Venture.
However, ZEDEM as Landowner undertakes, acknowledges and understands that
the terms and conditions of Allotment Letter, provisional no-demand certificate,
possession letter and/or any other document or certificate shall not be in
contradiction to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4.1.4

The Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project
Land shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project
Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms
of this Agreement.

4.1.5

ZEDEM undertakes, acknowledges and understands that as Landowner it shall do
all acts, deeds, things and take all necessary steps, as and when required, including
issumg any no-objection certificates, as well as

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 8 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 8 of 28

authorizations or approvals necessary for the proper sale, transfer and conveyance
of the Project Land in favour of the Joint Venture.
4.1.6

ZEDEM shall ensure and procure as Landowner that the Project Land or any part
thereof is not sold, transferred, gifted, exchanged, leased, licensed or in any other
manner alienated until the issuance of the Allotment Letter.

4.1.7

Any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the sale and transfer/conveyance of the
Project Land in favor of the Joint Venture and all other charges related to issuance
of the Allotment Letter as per applicable laws shall be a cost of the Joint Venture
and borne by Zameen (the "Project Land Transfer Cost").

4.1.8

The Parties agree and understand that the ZED EM as the Landowner shall bear any
and all liability to any prior owners and occupants of the Project Land and any part
thereof at any time up to the date of transfer (in accordance with this Clause 4.1.6)
of clear and unencumbered title thereto. ZEDEM hereby indemnifies and shall
procure that ZEDEM as the Landowner also indemnifies, defends and holds forever
harmless Zarneen and the Joint Venture, from and against any and all claims from
current (up to the date of transfer) or past owners, leaseholders, occupants,
licensees, time-shareholders, holders of concessions, holders of rights of usufruct
and/or easements and/or covenants, mortgagees, lien holders, Governmental
Authorities or holders of any other interest in any part of the Project Land arising
from or related to the transfer of title to the Project Land or any part thereof, the
grant of any rights thereto arising under or related to this Agreement or the payment
of any fees due and payable by the Landowner on or before the date of transfer of
the Project Land in the name of Joint Venture.

4.1.9

The Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall pay Rs. 62,500/- per
square yards, that is an aggregate amount of Rs. 632,062,500 (Rupees Six
Hundred and Thirty-Two Million Sixty-Two Thousand and Five Hundred
only), to ZED EM as Landowner as full and final consideration for the sale, transfer
and conveyance of the Project Land measuring 10,113 (Ten thousand one hundred
and thirteen) square yards, along with all rights, title and interest therein, to the
Joint Venture.

4.1. l 0 Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties, the Project Land
Cost shall be paid to the Landowner by the Joint Venture in monthly installments,
where each installment shall be equal to ten percent (10%) of the Sale Proceeds
received in clear funds in such month. The monthly installments shall commence
from the date of the Commercial Launch and shall be disbursed through the Master
Account in accordance with Clause 9.2 below.
4.1.11 The Parties understand and acknowledge that the measurement or area of the
Project Land transferred and conveyed by the Landowner in favour of the Joint
Venture might vary from the measurements in Annexure A. ln the event of any
variation in the actual measurements of the Project Land with Annexure A, the
Parties agree that the Project Land Cost shall be revised in accordance with the rate
per sq. yd. specified in Clause 4.1.8, i.e. Rs. 62500 per square yards. However, the
Parties agree and acknowledge that in no any case such variation in the
measurement of the Project Land shall be more than 2000 square yards.
4.1.12 In view of the understanding of the Parties to undertake the Project on the Project
Land, ZEDEM shall ensure and shall procure that as Landowner it takes all
necessary steps as required under the Laws of Pakistan to ensure that the Project
Land is transferred/conveyed to the Joint Venture free of Encumbrance(s).
4.1 . 13 The Parties agree that the complete possession and control of the Project Land will
at all times remain with the Joint Venture for undertaking the Project in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 9 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 9 of28

4.2

Project Approvals
(a) The Parties agree that ZEDEM shall obtain the Project Approvals as
specifically contained in Annexure Bon behalf of and in the name of the Joint
Venture from the concerned Government Authorities required for the purposes
of undertaking the Project on the Project Land, within four (4) months of the
date of submission of final drawings to the concerned authorities, unless
otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
(b) ZEDEM agrees and understands that it shall be a condition precedent to the
undertaking of the Project by the Joint Venture that all Project Approvals in
terms of this Clause 4.2 have been obtained by ZEDEM on behalf of the Joint
Venture in respect of the Project Land. The Joint Venture or Zameen shall not
be liable in any manner whatsoever for any delay or failure due to reasons not
attributable to Zameen with respect to obtaining the Project Approvals within
the timeline set out herein.
(c) The Parties understand and agree that the cost for Project Approvals shall be
based on the applicable rates of the office of the Government Authorities, or
other relevant offices. ZEDEM shall confirm and ensure that such costs, along
with all costs for preparing the Project Master Plan shall be incurred and
reported to the Joint Venture at actual cost in the amount specified in Annexure
B (the "Project Approvals Cost"). The Parties further agree that the Project
Approvals Costs, along with all applicable taxes (including any costs for the
Project Master Plan) shall be contributed by Zameen as initial contribution and
shall be charged to the Joint Venture.
(d) In the event if any additional amount is required on account of Project
Approvals over and above the Project Approvals Cost, ZEDEM undertakes to
ensure that the ZEDEM shall inform the Joint Venture about the requirement
of additional payment, which will be subject to approval from the Joint
Venture. ZEDEM undertakes not to incur such additional costs without prior
written approval of the Joint Venture. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified
that in the event ZEDEM incurs any amount over and above the Project
Approvals Cost without prior written approval of the Joint Venture, Zameen
shall not be liable to contribute towards such additional amount(s) and ZED EM
understands that it will not have any claim whatsoever for such amount(s)
against the Joint Venture or Zameen and ZEDEM shall solely be liable to
discharge such payment obligation(s).
(e) ZEDEM shall confirm and ensure that any amount provided by the Joint
Venture for the Project Approvals pursuant to this Clause 4.2 shall be used
exclusively for obtaining the Project Approvals.
(f) The Parties agree that the Project shall be registered with FBR under the
Amnesty Scheme and ZEDEM shall be responsible for submission and
Registration on behalf of and in the name of the Joint Venture.

4.3

Design and Architecture
(a) Zameen shall be responsible for preparing and finalizing, at its sole discretion,
the design, civil, structural and architectural development (which includes
structural and architectural drawings, HVAC system, electrical, plumbing, gas
and firefighting drawings, Exterior and interior renders and videos, interior
designing, smart systems, complete BOQs/tender packages, engineering
estimates and civil/MEP specifications, structure vetting, site supervision,
submission drawings etc.) and the concept of the Project in consultation with
ZEDEM.

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 10of28
TH IS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 10 of28

(b) In this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall enter
into a design and architecture agreement with Zameen Developments (Private)
Limited recording the terms and conditions pursuant to which the design and
architecture services shall be provided for the Project for a total consideration
of Rs. 27,500,000 (Rupees Twenty-Seven Million and Five Hundred
Thousand only).
4.4

All other activities of the Joint Venture shall be undertaken by the Parties in
accordance with the Responsibility Matrix in Annexure D of the Agreement or as
otherwise stated herein.

5.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

5.1

Formation and Appointment of Members

5.1.1

The Parties agree and understand that for the purposes ofundertaking and managing
the Project in terms of Clause 5.2 below, the Project Management Committee will
be formed comprising of two (2) Members named below, which shall be deemed
to exist from the Effective Date:
1.

IL

Authorized representative of Zameen;
Authorized representative of ZEDEM.

5.1.2

The Parties will exercise their respective voting rights in the Project Management
Committee and take such other steps as are necessary to ensure that the Project
Management Committee consists of two (2) members one from each Party.

5.2

Responsibilities of the Project Management Committee

5.2.1

The Project Management Committee shall supervise, direct and control the
Marketing Company, Construction Management Company, and manage the
Project.

5 .2.2

The Project Management Committee shall be responsible for the management,
operation and administration required for the execution of the Project. These shall
include, inter alia:
(a) Recruitment and training of personnel required for the day-to-day
management of the Project;
(b) Recruitment of an independent quantity/quality surveyor, external auditor
for Accounts and consultant for conducting an independent review of the
Project's construction and expenses including verification of bills according
to BOQ specifications;
(c) Managing the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture,
and overseeing the overall maintenance of the Project;
(d) Reviewing and evaluating the performance
Management Company;
(e) Approving the Schedule of Works;

of the

Construction

(f) Finalizing the Criteria for Selection;
(g) Finalizing the construction contractor;
(h) Reviewing the sales and marketing targets for the Project (the "Marketing
Targets");

Zamccn Forte initials:

l~--~

Page 11 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page II of28

(j) Reviewing and approving the disbursement of profits to the Parties m
accordance with Clause l 0 below;
(k) Finalizing and hiring the building management company; and

(1) Engaging in any other incidental activities relating to the Project.
5.3

Quorum
The quorum for a meeting of the Project Management Committee shall be two (2)
Members, provided that one ( l) Member nominated by each Party is present at the
meeting, unless waived by the Parties in writing.

5.4

Voting entitlements
The voting entitlements of the Members at a meeting of the Project Management
Committee (whether on a show of hands or a poll) are as follows: each Member
present or represented is entitled to one (1) vote and all resolutions will require two
(2) affirmative votes.
Time and Notice of meetings

5.5

(a) Unless all the Members otherwise agree, a meeting of the Project Management
Committee shall be held at least once every calendar month, or as otherwise
determined by the Project Management Committee, in Lahore or Rawalpindi, as
mutually agreed in writing between the Members in advance. Members may either
be present in person, through video link, telephone or by proxy.
(b) Unless all the Members otherwise agree, the Joint Venture must give each Member
at least ten ( 10) days' written notice of a meeting of the Project Management
Committee.

6

IRRECONCILABLE DEADLOCK

6.1.

In the event that ZED EM and Zameen are unable to agree on (i) any of the matters
set forth m Annexure C ("Major Decisions"), or (ii) on any modification to the list
of matters constituting Major Decisions, for thirty (30) days consecutively, then the
Senior Officers will meet to negotiate.

6.2.

If the matter remains unresolved for ten (10) days following the start of negotiations
under Clause 6.1 above, then either Zameen or ZED EM shall have the right to issue
a notice of irreconcilable Deadlock. Following the giving of such notice of
Irreconcilable Deadlock, the Buy-Out Procedures set forth in Clause 6.3 shall apply.
Provided, however, that each of the Parties shall ensure that the Project shall
continue during the pendency of an lrreconcilable Deadlock or the activation of the
Buy-Out Procedure and in this regard, no Party shall:
(a) take any step or action that may adversely affect, or
(b) fail to take any step or action required for
the smooth operation and continuation of the Project. For the avoidance of doubt,
it is clarified that that any Party in breach of its aforesaid obligation shall be liable
to compensate the Joint Venture and the other Party for any damages caused by its
breach.

6.3

Buy-Out Procedure
(a) Within thirty (30) days following delivery of a notice of Irreconcilable
Deadlock, either Zameen or ZEDEM may advise the other in writing that it

I
Zameeo Forte initials:

I
ZEDEM International:

Page 12 of 28

t

~
l ''o :;~:~ .\
~
\': ,,..,.•-::•

}';;-;-; .,

THIS DOCUMENT JS CONFlDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY

'J

·_!_:_....,..
Page 12 of 28

, f

offers to buy the interest of the other, specifying the price at which it is willing
to buy, as the case may be (the "Initial Offer"). Upon receipt of an Initial Offer,
the other Party must respond in writing within fifteen (15) working days
indicating its acceptance of the Initial Offer or making a counteroffer to buy the
interest, as set out in Clause 6.3(c), of the Party making the Initial Offer,
specifying the price at which such Party is willing to buy (the "Response"). If
there is no Response containing a counteroffer, then the Initial Offer shall be
deemed accepted without requiring any further act or notice by the Party
making the Initial Offer.
(b) If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that both Parties wish to buy the
interest of the other in the Joint Venture, they shall continue negotiations in an
effort to reach a final agreement on price. If the Parties are unable to reach an
agreement as to price within fifteen (15) working days of the Response, then
either Party may require that the bidding procedure specified in this Clause 6.3
be followed.
(c) If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that each Party wishes to buy the
interest, of the other, they shall begin a bidding process and the highest bidding
Party shall buy the respective interest of the other Party. Either Party can make
an initial offer and the other Party must respond either by accepting such initial
offer or delivering a counteroffer, within a period of five (5) working days,
which must be at least two percent (2%) higher than such initial offer, and each
subsequent offer must be at least two percent (2%) higher than the immediate
prior offer. This bidding process shall continue till there is no higher counter
offer received within the aforementioned two (2) days' period to the last offer
received, and such last offer shall be deemed to have been accepted. For the
avoidance of doubt, both Parties acknowledge and confirm that even in the
absence of a positive acceptance, failure to make a higher counter offer in terms
hereof to the last offer within the aforementioned five (5) working days' period
shall constitute acceptance immediately, upon which there shall be an
agreement to sell between the Parties, which shall be specifically enforceable.
(d) Upon an offer being accepted in terms of Clause 6.3(c) above, the Party whose
offer has been accepted shall be required to make payment of the full amount
to the other Party within a period of hundred and eighty (180) days from the
date of such acceptance.
(e) For the purposes of this Sub-Clause, all offers and counteroffers must be in
writing and in a form which is firm and binding; all offers must be responded
to within five (5) working days of the receipt of notice of the prior offer (except
a Response to an Initial Offer under Clause 6.3(a) above, which must be
delivered within fifteen ( 15) working days). If no response to an offer or
counteroffer is received within the stipulated time, the immediate prior offer
shall be deemed to be accepted, and the Parties shall take all actions necessary
and within its powers to conclude such sale.
(f) The Parties undertake and agree that in the event of an Irreconcilable Deadlock
which results in undertaking of the Buy-Out Procedures, the Party acquiring the
interest of the other Party shall be entitled to undertake the Project on its own
or through any other third party and shall be solely entitled to any and all right(s)
and/or interest(s) in the Project and/or Project Land. In this regard, the outgoing
Party within forty-five (45) days after the offer is accepted in terms of Clause
6.3(c) above:
(i)

shall ensure that all possible I required steps are undertaken, including
without limitation novating I waiving I foregoing I assigning in favour
of such acquiring Party any and all rights that may have been created in
its favour, enabling the acquiring Party to undertake the Project as per , .
its own will;
~ l.J.1.;'-t
I•

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM lnteroatiooal:

Page 13of28

· \

l}\.~·~::?i'
t) .. ,)
\..
I
.; ..
~./

-

'-2 · · • ~/

THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 13 of28

(ii)

take such steps and execute such agreement(s) as may be required so as
to ensure that the possession, ownership and title of the Project Land
shall vest solely with the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party
and to ensure that the outgoing Party shall have no interest whatsoever
in the Project and/or the Project Land;

(iii)

hereby undertakes that any and all rights created in its favour under this
Agreement, if applicable, shall stand discharged and the outgoing Party
shall have no right(s) and/or interest(s) either in the Project or Project
Land upon completion of Buy-Out Procedures and transfer of the
Project;

(iv)

shall do such other things and execute such other documents as shall be
necessary or as the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party may
reasonably request to give effect to the transfer.

7

PROJECT DEVELOPMENT

7 .1

Project Construction
(a) Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Joint
Venture acting through the Project Management Committee, shall appoint
CAM Construction (Private) Limited for the purposes of undertaking the
development and construction of the Project on Market Rate for and on behalf
of the Joint Venture as per the Project Approvals and in accordance with the
terms and conditions contained in the construction contract executed between
CAM Construction (Private) Limited and the Joint Venture. The Parties
undertake to render complete cooperation in this regard.
(b) The cost of construction shall be a cost of the Project incurred by the Joint
Venture and will be disbursed from the Master Account in accordance with
Clause 9.2 below.

7 .2

Construction Management
The Construction of the Project will be supervised and managed by the Project
Management Committee through ZEDEM . In this regard, the Parties agree and
understand that ZEDEM shall:
(a) Manage, coordinate and oversee the Construction and development of the
Project,
(b) Coordinate and liaise with contractors, sub-contractors or any other service
providers during the Construction of the Project;
(c) Devise and implement effective mechanisms and systems for maintaining
constant and regular checks on the pace and quality of the Works at the Project
Land;
(d) Coordination of all Works to be performed for the purposes of execution of the
Project;
(e) Ensure the Construction of the Project conforms with the Project Approvals,
Project Master Plan and all applicable regulations, rules and laws;
(f) Ensure strict compliance of the Schedule of Works by all contractors and subcontractors;

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 14 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 14 of28

(g) Carry out continuous inspection of the Works at the Project Land where
Construction is in progress;
(h) Ensure all Construction is in accordance with the industry standards and
conduct quality control and verification; and
(i) Perform all other incidental activities relating to the Project.
7.3

Project Commencement
(a) The Joint Venture shall commence the Works for the Project within thirty (30)
days from the grant of the Project Approvals.
(b) The Parties clearly understand and agree that the Works for the Project must be
completed within the time frames set out in the Schedule of Works provided
that the possession of the Project Land is handed over to the Joint Venture. The
estimated time for Project Completion is forty-eight (48) months from the
commencement of Work ("Estimated Project Completion Time").
(c) Subject to a written agreement between the Parties, completion time of the
Project may be revised (altered) in the following cases:
(i) When the scope, nature and the design of the Works is changed by either
Party, and if these changes affect the Schedule of Works of the Project;
(ii) If the Works are delayed or stopped for reasons beyond the reasonable
control of the Parties; and
(iii)If the delay is due to any reasons arising out of or in relation to the Project
Approvals.
(iv)Any delay in payments to the Construction Company against work done or
in timely achievement of Sales Targets by the Marketing Company.

7.4

Project Operations
a) The Parties understand and acknowledge that all operational, finance, aud it, legal
and administrative costs, expenses, fees and charges incurred shall be the cost of
the Joint Venture and shall be payable by the Joint Venture. In this regard, Zameen
shall ensure that the finance, audit and legal operations, along with recovery of
Buyer's Deposits, are properly performed for which the Joint Venture shall pay a
sum equal to 0.5 % of the Total Sales Revenue ("Project Operations Cost"). For
the avoidance of doubt, any operational or administrative costs, fees and charges
incurred directly by the Joint Venture over and above the Project Operations Cost
shall be the direct cost of the Joint Venture.
b) The Parties agree that the Project Operations Cost shall be paid out of the Sales
Proceeds each Month and shall be disbursed from the Master Account in
accordance with Clause 9.2 below.
c) The Parties agree that the Project Operations Cost shall be paid by the Joint Venture
to Zameen or Zameen's affiliated company in equal monthly installments for the
period starting from the date of Commercial Launch and ending six (6) months after
the completion of the Project. For avoidance of doubt this cost shall be divided on
total number of months of the aforementioned period defined in this clause.

8

PROJECT MARKETING AND SALE

8.1

Marketing Company

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 15 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page JS of28

8.1.1

The Project shall be marketed, promoted and the Sales and Marketing Targets will
be attained by the Project Management Committee through Zameen Media
(Private) Limited (the "Marketing Company"), in the name of the Project as
mutually agreed between the Parties (the "Marketing Services"). In this regard,
the Parties agree and understand that the Marketing Company shall enter into a
marketing agreement with the Joint Venture recording the terms and conditions
pursuant to which the Marketing Services will be provided for the Project (the
"Marketing Agreement"). The terms and conditions of the Marketing Agreement
shall include, inter alia:
(a) Developing and implementing a 360 degrees marketing strategy for the
promotion of the Project including branding and social media campaigns on
social media platforms such as Facebook, lnstagram etc.;
(b) Attaining Sales and Marketing Targets agreed in the Marketing Agreement;
(c) Providing IT and IT-enabled services such as web design, web hosting, web
development, system integration, software development and maintenance,
network design, technical support etc.;
(d) Collection of no more than 30 (thirty) per cent of the Buyers' Deposits by the
Marketing Company and deposit of the same in the Master Account; and
(e) Provision of training by the Marketing Company to the employees of the Joint
Venture responsible for collecting the remaining seventy per cent (70%) of the
Buyers' Deposits.

8. 1.2

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company shall have the
exclusive right to sell the Units and, in this regard, the Marketing Company may
collect the Buyers' Deposits and installment payments from Buyers on behalf of
the Joint Venture in the manner detailed in Clause 8.1. l. The Buyers' Deposits and
installment shall be deposited in the Sales Proceeds Account and shall be dealt with
in accordance with Clause 9.

8.1.3

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company shall be
responsible for providing the Marketing Services, and in this regard, the Marketing
Company shall have the exclusive right to devise marketing and promotional
schemes, campaigns and materials for effectively promoting and marketing the
Project through the print, electronic and other media.

8.2

Marketing Services Fee
(a) In consideration of the provision of the Marketing Services, the Joint Venture shall
pay to the Marketing Company a fee equivalent to 10% of the Total Sale Revenues
(the "Marketing Services Fee"), regardless of the quantum of actual expenses
incurred by the Marketing Company for the provision of the Marketing Services,
which shall be disbursed through the Master Account in accordance with Clause
9.2 below.
(b) The Parties understand and agree that notwithstanding anything else contained in
this Agreement, the obligation to undertake the marketing of the Project will be
subject to and conditional upon availability and timely disbursement of Marketing
Services Fee, from time to time, from the Master Account in accordance with
Clause 9.2 below.

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 16of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRlETARY
Page 16 of28

9

PROJECT BANK ACCOUNTS

9. 1

Sales Proceeds Account
(a) For the purposes of the receipt of the Sale Proceeds of the Project the Joint
Venture shall open a bank account with a scheduled bank acceptable to the
Parties immediately following the Effective Date.
(b) The Buyers' Deposits/entire sale proceeds from the sale of Units in the Project
and any other revenue generated by the Joint Venture from the Project shall be
initially deposited in the Sales Proceeds Account, which shall be disbursed to
the Master Account and utilized in accordance with Clause 9.2.
( c) Each Party shall be entitled to nominate one (I) person to be appointed as a joint
signatory of the Sales Proceeds Account.

9.2

Master Account
(a) The Master Account shall be opened in addition to the Sales Proceeds Account
and the authorized signatories shall be such person(s) as may be determined by
the Joint Venture. The disbursements from the Master Account shall be, in order
of precedence, as given below in Clause 10. The disbursement from the Master
Account after the Commercial Launch shall be done as follows:
(i) At the end of each Month and till the time the Project Land Cost is paid
in full, ten per cent ( 10%) of the Sale Proceeds shall be paid to the
Landowner on account of Project Land Cost;
(ii) At the end of each Month and till such time that the Marketing Fee has
been paid in full, ten per cent (10%) of the revenue from the new sale of
Units shall be paid to the Marketing Company on account of Marketing
Fee;

(iii)At the end of each Month and till such time that the construction is
completed and no further payment obligations exist for the Joint Venture
under the construction contract, a portion, as agreed between the Parties,
of the Sales Proceeds collected during that Month, for the purposes of
undertaking the construction. Any funds transferred from the Sales
Proceeds Account to the Master Account for construction shall strictly
be utilized for the sole purpose of completing the construction of the
Project;
(iv)At the end of each Month and till the lapse of six (6) Months after
Estimated Project Completion Time, the Project Operations Cost on a
pro-rata basis for the purposes of payment of the Project Operation
Costs;
(v) From the time when the remaining Project Land Cost payable to the
Landowner is equal to the initial contribution of Zarneen, at the end of
each Month and till such time that the Initial Contribution of Zameen
has been reimbursed/paid in full, a maximum of ten percent (10%) of
the Sales Proceeds for the purpose of such reimbursement.
10

PROFIT SHARING

10.1

The Parties agree and understand that after deduction of/payment to, in order of
precedence:
(a) Project Land Cost,

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 17 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFlDENTlAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 17 of28

(b) Marketing Fee,
(c) Construction cost,
(d) Project Operations Cost,
(e) Initial Contribution to Zameen;
(t) Miscellaneous expenses of the Joint Venture, and
(g) any other deductions/payments required by the Laws of Pakistan.
from the Total Sales Revenue, the remaining amount upon Project Completion shall
be shared between Zameen and ZEDEM in accordance with Profit Sharing Formula
given in Clause 3.2.
l 0.2

Each Party shall be responsible for any taxes due and payable by it including but
not limited to any taxes on its respective share of profit in terms of this Clause.

11

PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENT
If any event, action or occurrence beyond the control of the Parties (including any
injunction/stay order) prevents/hinders the Joint Venture from marketing, selling
one or more of the Units or constructing one or more of the Units and/or the
Complex, as the case may be, then the time frames given in this Agreement for the
performance of the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement
shall be accordingly delayed/postponed until such event, action or occurrence shall
have ceased/abated/stopped/withdrawn, as applicable.

12

TERMINATION

12.1

This Agreement may be terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Clause
12.1 in case there occurs an Event of Default. The following shall be the "Events
of Default":
(a) ZEDEM fails to ensure the issuance of the Allotment Letter in favour of the
Joint Venture in accordance with Clause 4.1 of this Agreement;

(b) ZEDEM fails to obtain the Project Approvals as specifically contained in
Annexure B on behalf of and in the name of the Joint Venture in accordance
with Clause 4.2 of this Agreement;
(c) Zameen fails to deposit its Initial Contribution or any part thereof in the account
of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make
payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in accordance
with Clause 4.2 (c);
( d) a material breach by a Party of any term or condition of this Agreement
including failure to fulfill its financial obligations under this Agreement;
(e) any material breach by a Party of a representation, warranty or covenant made
herein or in case the same is found to be false or incorrect; or
(f) any assignment or novation of rights by a Party in violation of this Agreement
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.
12.2

Upon occurrence of an Event of Default under Clause 12.1, the non-defaulting Party
may deliver a Default Notice to the Party in breach at any time thereafter. The
Default Notice shall specify in detail the applicable Event of Default that gives rise
to the Default Notice.

Zameeo Forte initials:!._--~

ZEDEM International:

Page 18 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 18 of28

12.3

Following the giving of Default Notice, the Parties shall consult for a period not
exceeding thirty (30) days, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties ("Consultation
Period"), as to what steps must be taken by the Party in breach to mitigate the
consequences of the Event of Default and the circumstances which gave rise
thereto.

12.4

During the period following delivery of the Default Notice, the Party in breach may
continue to undertake efforts to cure the default, and if the default is cured to the
non-defaulting Party's satisfaction prior to delivery of a Notice of Termination
pursuant to Clause 12.45, then the non-defaulting Party shall be prohibited from
issuing a Notice of Termination or otherwise proceeding with tennination of this
Agreement for such Event of Default.

12.5

Upon expiration of the Consultation Period, unless the Parties have otherwise
agreed or the Event of Default has not been cured under Clause 12.3 above, the
non-defaulting Party may terminate this Agreement by delivering a Notice of
Termination to the Party in breach.

12.6

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by ZEDEM under
Clause 12.1 (b):

(a) ZEDEM shall have the option to purchase the Project Land from the Joint Venture
against a payment equal to lnitial Contribution made by Zameen on account of
Project Approvals Cost, Project Land Transfer Cost, Design and Architectural
Cost, Initial Construction Cost and any other expenses, charges or costs up to the
date of such termination. ZED EM acknowledges that it shall have a period of six
(6) months to exercise the said option and complete the transfer of the Project
Land, such period to commence from the date set out in Clause 4.2(a). Cn case
the option is exercised by ZEDEM, ZEDEM shall immediately pay the amount
stated herein to the Joint Venture, which amount shall be immediately
transferred to Zameen's designated bank account by the Joint Venture to
reimburse the expenses incurred by Zameen on account of Project Land
Transfer Cost, Project Approvals Cost and any other expenses, fees, charges or
costs. Further, any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the
transfer/conveyance of the Project Land in favor of ZEDEM, including stamp
duty, registration fee, transfer of immovable property tax, CVT etc. shall be
borne by ZEDEM. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified and ZEDEM
acknowledges that its obligations hereunder are specifically enforceable.
(b) In the event ZEDEM does not exercise the option under Clause 12.6.(a) above
within the timeframe set out therein, the Joint Venture shall sell the Project
Land to any third party at the Fair Market Value of the Project Land, which
shall be determined by the Independent Valuer in accordance with Clause 12.7
(d) below. In such a case, the Joint Venture shall retain an amount from the sale
consideration equal to the sum of Project Land Transfer Cost, Project Approvals
Cost, Initial Construction Cost, Design and Architecture Cost and transfer such
retained amount to Zameen's designated bank account and from the remaining
sale consideration a sum equal to the Project Land Cost shall be transferred by
the Joint Venture to ZEDEM's designated bank account. Any sum remaining
from the sale consideration after the aforementioned transfers to Zameen and
ZEDEM shall be transferred to each Party's designated bank account in equal
proportion. For this purpose, the Joint Venture and each Party shall be obligated
to execute such documents and/or provide such assistance as may be required
for complete and timely disposal of the Project Land to any such party under
this clause.
12.7

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued by a Party (the "Non-Defaulting
Party") due to default by the other Party under Clause
"Defaulting Party"):

Zameen Forte initials:

I

ZED EM lntcrnational:

Page 19of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTLAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 19 of 28

(a) Subject to Clause 12.7 (c) below, the Defaulting Party will have no further
rights, claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project
Land;
(b) The Buyers to whom Units have been sold in terms of this Agreement, shall
continue to have all interests, rights and obligations pursuant to the Sale
Instruments; and
(c) The Non-Defaulting Party may, without prejudice to any other remedy it may
have, within a period of fifteen (15) days of the issuance of the Notice of
Termination, exercise the option (which Zameen and ZEDEM hereby
irrevocably grant to each other) to require the Defaulting Party:
(i)

to sell to the Non-Defaulting Party its share I interest in the Project I
Joint Venture at 80% of the Fair Market Value of its share I interest in
the Project I Joint Venture; or

(ii)

to buy from the Non-Defaulting Party its share I interest in the Project
I Joint Venture at 120% of the Fair Market Value of its share I interest
in the Project I Joint Venture.

(d) ln order to calculate the Fair Market Value, the matter will be referred to an
Independent Valuer with the request that the Independent Valuer makes a
decision on the Fair Market Value of the Defaulting Party or Non-Defaulting
Party's interest in the Project I Joint Venture, as applicable, which shall be
ascertained in accordance with the fair market value of the Project Land, Works
undertaken and Construction completed on the Project Land at the time of
default, outstanding liabilities and any other standard or criteria determined by
the Independent Valuer. The Independent Valuer must be directed to make a
decision as soon as practicable after receiving any submissions from the
Parties, which submissions must be made by them within 21 days after the
matter is referred to the Independent Valuer. In the absence of a manifest error,
the decision of the Independent Valuer is to be conclusive and binding on the
Parties. The Parties agree that the Independent Valuer's costs and expenses in
connection with the reference shall be paid by the Defaulting Party. The
Independent Valuer shall be appointed as an expert and not as an arbitrator.
(e) In the event that the Parties are unable to agree on a single Independent Valuer
from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, the Independent Valuer shall be
constituted as a panel of three (3) valuers where each Party will appoint one
valuer each and such appointed valuers shall jointly nominate the third valuer
amongst the Big Four consulting firms, namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf Adil; (ii)
Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF Ferguson &
Co. In this regard, the Parties agree that each Party shall bear the cost of the
valuer appointed by such Party, and the Parties shall equally share the cost of
the third valuer. The decision of the third valuer so appointed by the first two
shall be final and binding on the Parties.

13 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
13.1

ln addition, to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, the Parties hereby make the following representations, warranties
and undertakings:

(a) The Parties are companies validly existing and carrying on their business under
the Laws of Pakistan.
(b) The Parties have the power and authority under their respective memorandums
and articles of Associations or other such constitutive documen~int ,;<-'~11-1 1 01r'..,<
Zameeo Forte initials:

I

ZEDEM International:

~

Page 20of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 20 of28

and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and
its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of
their memorandum and articles of associations, constitutive documents and/or
any agreement/contract by which they are bound.
(c) The Parties have the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement.
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and
no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
(e) There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, (i) for their dissolution or
bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective
obligations under this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby.
(f) The Parties have sufficient capacity and resources necessary for the effective
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
l 3.2

In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, ZEDEM hereby makes the following representations, warranties
and undertaking to Zameen:
(a) ZEDEM shall ensure that the Landowner, as the owner of the Project Land,
completely delivers the Project Land along with relevant documents to the Joint
Venture in accordance with Clause 4.1.
(b) ZEDEM shall ensure that no fees dues, levies, taxes or charges, by whatever
name called, are claimed/demanded and/or recovered/received by or on behalf
of the Landowner, on account of the issuance and delivery of the Project Land
to the Joint Venture in terms of Clause 4 above. If the Joint Venture, and in
particular Zameen, suffer(s) any loss and damage due to any breach of this
provision, then ZEDEM shall, without prejudice to both the Joint Venture's and
Zameen's other rights and remedies under this Agreement or under the law,
indemnify the Joint Venture or Zameen, as applicable, to the full extent of any
such loss and damage.

14 LIABILITIES AND INDEMNITIES
14.1

Except to the extent expressly provided for in this Agreement, neither Party shall
be liable to the other Party in contract, tort, warranty, strict liability, or any other
legal theory for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, or exemplary
damages. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other Party except pursuant
to or for breach of this Agreement.

14.2

Each Party shall indemnify the other Party and its directors, officers, shareholders
and employees against and hold harmless at all times from any and all loss incurred
in relation to damage to property or personal injury or death arising out of the
negligent or intentional act or omission on its part in connection with this
Agreement.

14.3

In the event of a direct loss incurred by either Party or its directors, officers,
shareholders or employees in relation to damage to property or personal injury or
death arising out of negligent or intentional acts or omissions which are the subject
matter of this Agreement but which result from the joint or concurrent negligent or
intentional act or omission of both Parties, each Party shall be liable in proportion
to its degree of negligence or fault.

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 21of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 21 of28

15 CONFIDENTIALITY
15.l

Each Party shall ensure that all docwnents and information related to the Project
shall be kept confidential, unless:
(a) required to disclose such information by judicial or administrative process or
otherwise in accordance with any law or the rules and/or regulations of any
regulatory authority or statutory body applicable to the disclosing Party;
(b) with the consent of the non-disclosing Party (not to be unreasonably withheld),
disclosed in the interests of the Project;

(c) disclosed to its legal, financial and/or technical advisors or pursuant to the
Project Contracts, provided that prior to making such disclosure, the disclosing
Party obtains an appropriate confidentiality undertaking regarding such
documentation or information from the person to whom such information is to
be disclosed; or
(d) disclosed in a legal action or proceeding brought by either Party in pursuit of
its rights or in exercise of its remedies.
15.2

This Clause 15 does not apply to information: (i) that the disclosing Party can prove
became known to it independently and through no fault of its own, or (ii) such
information is or has become public information otherwise than through a wrongful
act or default of the disclosing Party.

15.3

The Parties understand and agree that this confidentiality obligation shall survive
the expiry or termination of this Agreement and all such confidential information
shall be kept confidential until otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing.

16

NOTICES
All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and
delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and
return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or
transmitted by telefax to the respective Party at the following addresses:
Zameen
Address:
Attention:
E-mail:

3rc1 Floor, 94-B/l, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore
Legal Department
legal@zameen.com

ZED EM

Attention:

ZEDEM International Private Limited, Faisal Tower, Faisal Town,
Fateh Jung Road, Rawalpindi .
Legal Department

E-mail:

legal@zedem.com.pk

Address:

or such other address (and contact details) as from time to time may be designated
by notice from the respective Party to the other Party. Any such notice or
communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: (i)
receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered
by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or
(ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving Party's normal business hours)
or next succeeding date on which the receiving Party is normally open for business,

Zamcen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 22 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 22 of 28

if sent by telefax provided that the sender's transmission report shows the entire
facsimile to have been received by the recipient.

17 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
17.1

If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all
reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by
negotiation. Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be
submitted in writing to a panel of two persons, one representative each from
Zameen and ZEDEM who will promptly meet and confer in an effort to resolve
such dispute. Each Party's representative will be identified by notice to the other
Party, and may be changed at any time thereafter by notice to the other Party. Any
agreed decisions of the representative will be final and binding on the Parties. In
the event the representatives are unable to resolve any dispute within thirty (30)
days after submission of the same to them, either Party may then refer such dispute
to arbitration in accordance with Clause 17.2.

17.2

If no settlement can be reached between the Parties, then the dispute will be
submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three (3) arbitrators.
Each of the Parties may appoint an arbitrator and such appointed arbitrators shall
jointly nominate the third umpire. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the
Arbitration Act 1940, the language of arbitration shall be English and the place of
arbitration shall be at Lahore. Each Party shall pay its own legal expenses. The
award of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding upon both the Parties and
the Parties shall implement the arbitral award without any delay.

18

GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement is governed by the Laws of Pakistan and subject to Clause 17 .2
above, courts of Pakistan shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters related to
or arising out of this Agreement.

19 GENERAL
19. I

The Parties agree and understand that time shall be of essence to this Agreement as
regards the dates specifically mentioned and as to any date that may by agreement,
addendum or amendment in writing between the Parties be substituted for such
dates.

19.2

Nothing herein contained shall bar either Party's right to obtain injunctive relief
against threatened conduct which may cause it to incur loss or damage, including
obtaining restraining orders and interim injunctions from a court of competent
jurisdiction.

19.3

No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to either Party by this Agreement is
intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein
or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be
cumulative of every other right or remedy.

19 .4

This Agreement and its Annexures along with the Feasibility Report shall constitute
the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties I Parties in respect of
the subject-matter hereof, and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous
writings/agreements, understandings, accords, protocols, or otherwise relating
thereto. The Parties may mutually vary the terms of this Agreement through a duly
executed written agreement.

19.5

Neither Party shall purport to assign or transfer any rights or obligations arising
under this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of the
other Party hereto.

Zameen Forte initials:

I

ZEDEM International:

Page 23 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRJETARY
Page 23 of 28

19.6

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable provision
shall be given no effect but the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. The Parties shall forthwith enter into good faith negotiations
to amend the Agreement so that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision is
replaced by a valid, legal, and enforceable provision, which conforms to the extent
possible to the intended purpose of the former provision.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day, month and
year first abovementioned.

PJ__,

For Zameen

For ZEDEM

Name: Zeeshan Ali Khan
CNIC: 35201-6487663-3
Date: May 24, 2021.

Name: Zohair Majeed
CNIC: 33104-3396404-9
Date: May 24, 2021

WITNESSES

(1)

(2)

Name: _ __ __ __

Name: - - -- -- -

Date:

Date:

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 24 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL ANO PROPRIETARY
Page 24 of28

ANNEXURE A: Project Land Site Map

"20

~

io

c;~

~~~
~ Cf>

~
U>

Zameen Forte initials:

........

c..>

c;; ~ C>

:...:a rn 01
r-.)

~

~ Cf>

~
Cf>

26 14

ZEDEM International:

Page 25 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 25 of 28

ANNEXURE B:

PROJECT APPROVALS
1. Submission of Drawings in the Concerned Government Authorities/ Faisal Town
2. NOC from Concerned Authority for Construction at Site
3. NOC from CAA (Civil Aviation Authority)
4. NOC from WASA
5. NOC from "Concerned Authority" for Sales and Marketing of the Project
6. Architectural, Structural drawings vetting and approval
7. Design and Elevation Approvals
8. Project' s Final Approval

Zameeo Forte initials:

ZEDEM loternatiooal:

Page 26 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 26 of28

ANNEXURE C: Major Decisions (see Clause 6.1)

(i)

Any change in members of project management committee and/or senior officers

(ii)

Approval for incurring any costs for Project Approvals and the Project Master Plan
over and above any amount that may have previously been agreed.

(iii)

Proposals with regard to material addition to or deletion from or change in the scope
and objectives of the joint venture and the nature of the project.

(iv)

Revisions to this list of major decisions.

(v)

Granting of the signing authorities and power of attomey/ies on behalf of joint
venture (more particularly, for banking operations) except for instruments
conferring limited power for performance of such matters in the normal course of
business.

(vi)

Finalizing the criteria for selection of contractors.

(vii)

Finalizing the Schedule of Works.

(viii)

Finalizing the bill of quantities (BOQs)

(ix)

Finalizing the construction contractor

(x)

Finalizing the fair market value share I interest in the Project I Joint Venture.

(xi)

Disbursals from the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture.

(xii)

Decisions as to the overall maintenance of the Project.

(xiii)

Approving the disbursement of profits from the Joint Venture.

(xiv)

Recruitment, retention and dismissal of independent quantity/quality surveyor and
external auditor and determination of their remuneration

(xv)

Approval of any revision of budgets.

(xvi)

Expenditures in excess of Rs. 5,000,000 (Rupees Five Million) which were not
already approved.

(xvii) The sale, lease, disposal or donation of any assets of joint venture other than in the
ordinary course of business.
(xviii) Establishing any mortgage, charge or any other encumbrance over any assets of the
joint venture.
(xix)

Commencement of any litigation.

(xx)

Change in appointment of third independent valuer/consulting firm.

(xxi)

Purchase or acquisition of immoveable assets exceeding Rs. 5,000,000 (Rupees
Five Million) by the Joint Venture.

Zamcen Forte initials:

ZEDEM lntcrnational:

Page 27 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTlAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 27 of 28

ANNEXURE D: Responsibility Matrix
Activity
SPY formation & land
transfer

Zameen

ZEDEM

SPY

Responsible

Responsible

-

Transfer of Project Land

-

Responsible

-

Appointment of key
position holders

-

-

Responsible

Appoinnnent of Audit firm

-

-

Responsible

Architecrure & design

Responsible

-

Informed/Consulted

Approvals of the Project

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

FBR Registration of the
Project with Federal Board
of Revenue

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

Design approvals

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

Construction contract &
award

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

Responsible

-

lnformed/Consu1ted

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

-

-

Responsible

Responsible

-

Informed/Consulted

-

-

Responsible

Marketing & Sales
Project' s Construction
Oversight, Monitoring &
Supervision
Finance & Accounts,
Recoveries, Audit, Legal
and Coordination
Pricing (Variation beyond
agreed prices)
Modification in project
scope/sales model

Zameen Forte initials:

ZEDEM International:

Page 28 of28
THIS DOCUMENT IS CONFIDENTlAL AND PROPRIETARY
Page 28 of28