Agreement No. HA/

AGREEMENT TO SELL & LEASEBACK
HOTEL APARTMENTS

Agreement No. HAl

AGREEMENT TO SELL
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASED UNIT

PROJECT DETAILS

Developer:

Mall35
Pearl One, 94- B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Name of Project:

MALUS

Location :

Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi

UNIT DETAILS

Unit Number:
UnitType:

Hotel Apartment

Area of Unit:

- - - - - -sq. ft.

Purchase Price (PKR):
In Words (Rupees):

Estimated Completion Date:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page l of 22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
This Agreement to Sell is entered into at - - - - - - - on this _ _ _ day of_ _ _ _ 20_

by and between:

Mall35, a partnership firm with its office at Pearl One, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg Il l, Lahore ("DEVELOPER" which
expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-i nterest and permitted assigns) of
the ONE PART;
AND
(i) BUYER NAME:

Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Expiry Date:- - - - - - - - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence) - - - - - - - - - - - (Office) - - - - - - - - - - -

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - E-mail:- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(ii) JOINT BUYER NAME:
Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Expiry Date:- - - - - - - - - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)---------- ( O f f i c e ) - - - - - - - - - -

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - - E-mail:- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(iii) ENTITY NAME:

0 Partnership 0 Company (private) 0
Registration No.:

Company (public)

0 Sole Proprietorship

NTN: - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - CNIC: - - - - - - - - - - - - _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ E-mail=- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mobile

(individually, or in the case ofjoint Buyers, collectively referred to as "Buyer·, which expression shalL where the context so
admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, Nominees, successors-in-interest,
permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

Buyer's inrtials

Developer's initials

P<1$e 2 of 22

WHEREAS
(A)

The Developer is devel oping a real estat e project named and styled as 'Mall35' comprising of inter alia hotel
apartments restaurants, and commercial shops located at Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi
("Project");

(B)

The Buyer has seen the plan for the Project and the Floor Plan of the Project and agrees to purchase the hot el
apartment, as described in Description of Purchased Unit ("Purchased Unit"), along with leaseback to and
buyback by the Developer wi th respect thereto; and

(C)

The Developer has agreed to construct and sell the Purchased Unit to the Buyer and to t ake on lease or
buyback the same from the Buyer, on the t erms and condi tions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions:

SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1.

For the consideration provided in this Agreement to Sell (defined below), including without limitation the
Purchase Price, the Devel oper will construct and sell rights in the Purchased Uni t to the Buyer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be
amended from time to time. Provided that where there is more than one person or entity as the "Buyer", then
the obligations of the persons or entities in relation hereto shall be joint and several.

2.

The following documents (duly acknowledged) t ogether shall constitute the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale, purchase and leaseback of the Purchased Unit,
all of which shall form an integral part of t his Agreement ("Agreement"):

3.

(i)

Description of Purchased Unit

(ii)

This Agreement to Sell

(iii)

General Terms and Conditions

(iv)

Nominees

(v)

Leaseback Agreement, as may be renewed from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof

(vi)

Attachment A: Payment Plan

(vii)

Attachment B: Purchased Unit Floor Plan

(viii)

Any other document forming part of this Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof.

The documents enumerated in Clause 2 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of
any conflict, ambiguity or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given t o the General
Terms and Conditions, followed by the Payment Plan, and Description of Purchased Unit. Any terms used
as defined terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the General Terms and Conditions. The rules
of interpretation set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents forming this
Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
P~e 3of22

BUYER'S WARRANTIES
4.

The Buyer confirms having read and understood, and agrees to comply with this Agreement and by any
further terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Developer.

5.

The Buyer confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Buyer in thisAgreement are true and correct
in all respects.

6.

The Buyer confirms and warrantsthat the Buyer (and where there is more than one Buyer, each such Buyer) has
the requisite capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the obligations hereunder.

ARBITRATION
7.

Any dispute or difference as to this Agreement or any part thereof or any matter or thing of whatsoever
nature arising thereunder or in relation thereto between the Developer and the Buyer that cannot be
resolved through mutual agreement may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the General Terms and
Conditions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed this Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of
their own free will, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf ofJOINT BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

WITNESSED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

Name: ---------------------------

Name: ---------------------------

CNIC/NICOP: - - - - - - - - - - -

CNIC/NICOP:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
P~e4of22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

DEFINITI ONS AND INTER PRETATION
1.1.

Unless inconsistent with the context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement

means this Agreement to Sell, along with these General Terms and Conditions, as well as
all documents enumerated in Clause 2 of this Agreement to Sell, as may be amended or
supplemented by the Developer from time to ti me at its sole discretion.

Agreement to Sell

means this Agreement to Sell entered into between the Developer and the Buyer to
which these General Terms and Conditions are appended.

Adjusted Amount

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.2 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Buyer

means the person or persons identified as the Buyer in this Agreement to Sell and his/her
or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted transferees
and permitted assigns. Where there is more than one Buyer. references to one Buyer
shall be to such persons jointly and severally.

Common Areas

means those parts of the Project not physically forming a part of any Unit including inter

alia all open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies, and
hallways.
Common Facilities

means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, securi ty system, tube-well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas that do not form part of any given Unit.

Commencement Date

means the date on which the Hotel Management Company launches the hotel for the
Project, in accordance with the Permitted Use.

Competent Authority

means any federal, provincial, capital or local government or authority, department.
locaL regulatory, statutory or housing authority, including the Office of the
Cantonment Board Rawalpi ndi, Office of the Military Estates Officer Rawalpindi, and
any other authority which has j urisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or this
Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page Sof2S

Completion or Estimated
Completion Date

means the date or expected date communicated by the Developer as the date or
expected date on which the Purchased Unit will be ready for handover of the possession
to the Buyer, subject to the Buyer complying with his/her obligations inter alia as per
Clause 4 (Construction of Purchased Unit) of these General Terms and Conditions.

Completion Notice

means a written notice sent to the Buyer by the Developer communicating the Completion
Date.

Complimentary Vouchers has the meaning assigned to it in the Leaseback Agreement.
Component Materials

means inter alia steel, cement, diesel, labour or any other material used for construction
and finishing of the Project.

Developer

means Mall35, a partnership firm with its office at Pearl One, 94- B/l, M.M. Alam Road,
Gulberg Ill, Lahore.

Down Payment

means the amount paid by the Buyer under this Agreement to Sell, equal to thirty
percent (30%) of the Purchase Price (defined below) of the Purchased Unit, as shown in
the Payment Plan.

Due Date

means the date on or before which any payment or instalment in the Payment Plan is
required to be paid by the Buyer to the Developer in the designated bank account.

Event of Force Majeure

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 12.1 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Hotel Management
Company

means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or
associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest
and assigns) charged with the maintenance, operation or management of a hotel with
respect to the Units including the Purchased Unit.

Instalment Payment

means any payment to be made by the Buyer as per the Payment Plan (defined below).
For the avoidance of doubt, Instalment Payment may, subject to Clauses 3.2 and 3.3,
include any applicable Adjusted Amount.

Leaseback Agreement

means the leaseback agreement executed by and between the Developer and the Buyer
whereby the Buyer has leased back the Purchased Unit to the Developer pursuant to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Lease Period

Buyer's initials

shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Leaseback Agreement.

Developer's initials
Page6of22

Nominee

means such person, as may be nominated by the Buyer as the person who may facilitate
in the transfer of rights and obligations of the Buyer under this Agreement to Sell to the
legal heirs in the event of demise of the Buyer.

Party

means the Developer or the Buyer, whereas Parties means both.

Payment Plan

means the Payment Plan in Attachment A, setting out the Due Date, quantum and
schedule of Instalment Payments of the Purchase Price to be paid by the Buyer to the
Developer.

Permitted Use

means the operation, management, and maintenance of a luxury hotel by the Hotel
Management Company.

Project

means the real estate project, named and styled as 'Mall3S: approved and sanctioned
by the Office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, being constructed and developed by
the Developer on Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi.

Purchase Price

means the total amount identified in the Payment Plan as the purchase price of the
Purchased Unit payable by the Buyer in accordance with the Payment Plan, together with
any Adjusted Amount which may be payable under Clause 3.2 as consideration for the
sale and transfer of the Purchased Unit to the Buyer.

Purchased Unit

means the specific furnished hotel apartment, as shown in the Purchased Unit Floor
Plan, which the Buyer has contracted to purchase and lease to the Developer pursuant
to this Agreement.

Purchased Unit Floor Plan means the floor plan of the Purchased Unit and its location, as shown in Attachment B to
this Agreement to Sell.
Rent

has the meani ng assigned to it in the leaseback Agreement.

Rules

means such rules, as amended from time to time, as may be framed by the Developer,
and/or the Hotel Management Company setting out the Buyer's rights and obligations in
relation to the lease of Purchased Unit.

Taxes

means any federal, provincial or local taxes or levies payable on any component used for
the construction or lease of t he Purchased Unit (including the Component Materials) or,
where the context permits, applicable on the sale or lease thereof, as may be prescribed
or levied from time to time by any Competent Authority.

Unit

means any one or more hotel apartment(s) in the Project, including the Purchased Unit.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 7of22

1.2.

Except where the context otherwise requires, references in this Agreement t o:

An Article. Clause, attachment. or paragraph are references to an Article, Clause. attachment or

(i)

paragraph of this Agreement or the relevant document comprising this Agreement;

(ii)

Any headings in this Agreement are for ease of ref erence only and are not to be taken into account in
construction or interpret ation;

(i ii)

Any statute or other legislative provision shall be read to include any statutory or legislative
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof;

(iv)

Words denoting one gender shall include all other genders;

(v)

Words denoting singular shall, where the context permi ts, include plural;

(vi)

Any reference to a date or time is to such date and time in Islamabad, Pakistan;

(vii)

Any reference to a Party shall, where the context permits, mean and include its successors- in-interest
and permi tted assigns;

(viii)

No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible
for the preparation of this Agreement or any part of this Agreement;

Use of the terms "including•, "include" or "includes" shall be int erpreted to be f ollowed by the phrase

(ix)

"without limitation~ unless otherwise specified;

(x)

An obligation on a Party to do any act, matter or thing include an obligation to procure that it is done
and words placing a Party under a restriction include an obligation not to permit or allow infringement
of the restriction.

"Law" includes any law, by-law, regulation (including any rule, official directive, request or guideline),

(xi)

legislation (including delegated legislation), constitution, decree, judgment, court order/authority of
competent j urisdiction, ordinance, statute, treaty or other legislative measure of any governmental
body or any Competent Authority;

(xii)

Where there is a reference to "sell': "sale" or other transfer of rights in any Unit by the Developer to the
Buyer, such term refers to a sale of the Developer's rights relating to the Purchased Unit concerned,
including the right to occupy and use such Unit and, where applicable, transfer those rights all upon
and subject t o the Terms and Conditions.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page8of22

2.

SALE OF PURCHASED UNIT
2.1.

The Developer confirms that it has the necessary rights and title to the Project, to construct the Project and
to sell the Purchased Unit and that it has received requisite approvals from Competent Authorities for the
development and construction of the Project Further, the Developer agrees to construct the Project and sell
the Purchased Unit to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase the Purchased Unit from the Developer,
strictly in accordance with this Agreement and the terms and conditions thereof.

3.

PAYMENT
3.1.

The consideration for construction and payment of Rent of the Purchased Unit by the Developer shall be
subject to the following:
(i)

Payment of each Instalment Payment by the Buyer on or before the relevant Due Date along with any
applicable Adjusted Amount such as to constitute the entire Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit, as
more fully described in the Payment Plan in Attachment A of this Agreement;

(ii)

Payment by the Buyer of all applicable (if any) membership and other fees. taxes, levies, or any other
charges whatsoever with respect to the sale, lease and buyback of the Purchased Unit. in accordance
with law;

(iii)

The Buyer agreeing to abide by all Rules and all other rules or regulations prescribed by any Competent
Authority as may be applicable to the Purchased Unit.

3.2.

The Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit shall remain fixed under this Agreement. However, the Purchase
Price may be adjusted if, between the date of signing of this Agreement and the Completion date, there is
an increase in the price of Component Material, as per the price indices published by the Pakistan Bureau of
Statistics insofar as applicable, or if there is an increase in applicable Taxes or any new Taxes. In this event, the
Developer will make every reasonable effort for the Purchase Price to remain unaffected and ensure that any
impact on the remaining Purchase Price is adjusted in a fair and reasonable manner ("Adjusted Amount").

3.3.

The adjustment in the Purchase Price under Clause 3.2 shall be to the extent of increase in the price of
Component Material and Taxes only, and the Buyer undertakes to pay the Adjusted Amount, which shall be
deemed a part of the Payment Plan and the Purchase Price, at the time of possession upon completion of the
Purchased Unit.

3.4.

The Buyer shall pay each Instalment Payment and/or Adjusted Amount on its Due Date or within thirty (30)
days thereof, without any deduction on account of bank charges, bank transfer charges, conversion cost.
exchange rate fluctuations or otherwise howsoever, all of which shall be borne by the Buyer. Such payment
shall be affected by one of the following means on or before the relevant Due Date, and the Buyer understands
that failure to do so will be a breach of this Agreement, entitling the Developer to take such action as specified
in Clause 11.1:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page9of22

By crossed cheque or bank draft in favour of"Mall35";
OR

With written notice to the Developer, by direct transfer or deposit into the account designated below, or such
other designated bank account of the Developer as may be noti~ed in writing:

3.5.

Account Title:

Mall35

Account No:

1426394

Bank:

JS Bank Limited

Branch:

Ghalib Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Branch Code:

9123

IBAN :

PK87jSBL9123000001426394

Swift Code:

JSBLPKKA

Pursuant to this Agreement, the Buyer has made the Down Payment, receipt of which the Developer hereby
acknowledges. This Down Payment shall constitute the ~rst Instalment Payment under the Payment Plan
subject to t he realisation of funds in the Developer's designated account. In case the funds are not realised
on the date of signing of this Agreement to Sell, this Agreement shall be deemed null and void.

3.6.

All Rules or any other regulations imposed by any association of owners or a Competent Authority in the
present and in future will form a part of this Agreement.

4.

CONSTRUCTION OF PURCHASED UNIT
4.1.

It is agreed and understood by the Buyer that the Estimated Completion Date represents the date by which it
is presently expected that the Project will be completed, and the Purchased Unit will be ready for handover
to the Buyer, whereas the Completion Date represents the date by which the Proj ect is completed and the
Purchased Unit is ready for handover to the Buyer.

4.2.

The Developer shall issue the Completion Notice to the Buyer communicating the proposed Completion Date.
The Completion Date shall be the date on which the Purchased Unit shall be ready for hand over of possession
to the Buyer, provided that the Buyer has fulfilled its obligations under this Agreement and paid all Instalment
Payments and any applicable Adjusted Amount under the Payment Plan. The Completion Date may be earlier
or later than the Esti mated Completion Date, in which case the Developer shall give one (1) month's advance
notice to the Buyer. In the event that the Completion Date is earlier than the Estimated Completion Date, the
Buyer may postpone possession up to (but no later than) the Estimated Completion Date. The Instalment
Payment and Adjusted Amount due on possession, as indicated in the Payment Plan, shall only be payable
by the Buyer at the time of possession. Payment of Rent shall be subject to the Buyer having fully performed
his/her obligations under this Agreement and clearing all the required payment(s), charges and taxes under
provisions of this Agreement including the Buyer having completed all applicable formalities, payment of all
fees, and charges etc.

Buyer's inrtials

Developer's initials

Page 10of22

4.3.

Subject to Clause 4.2, the Buyer shall, within thirty (30) days of the Completion Date, clear any outstanding
dues and payments under this Agreement. In the event the Buyer fails to make the relevant payments
within said thirty (30) days, subject to Clause 4.2, the Buyer shall inter aua be responsible for such additional
change(s) as the Developer deems fit.

5.

TAXES
The Buyer shall pay all taxes pertaining to the purchase of the Purchased Unit and all related fees, costs, duties, and
charges as may be requi red to effect the sale and purchase of the Purchased Unit. To the extent any payment of any
taxes or related fees are paid by the Developer on behalf of the Buyer (at the Developer's discretion), the same shall
be reimbursed by the Buyer prior to commencement of Rent

6.

LEASEBACK AND BUYBACK OF THE PURCHASED UNIT
6.1.

On the Completion Dat e, subject to Clause 4.2, the Developer shall transfer the Purchased Unit to the Buyer
and issue the allotment letter in favour of the Buyer, provided the Buyer has fulfilled it s obligations under this
Agreement (including without limitation payment of each Instalment Payment and any applicable Adj usted
Amount) and other costs identified in this Agreement. or otherwise applicable and subject to execution of the
Leaseback Agreement by the Buyer. The Developer shall not be obliged to transfer the Purchased Unit and
provide the allotment letter where the Buyer is not in compliance with it s obligations under this Agreement
or has not executed the Leaseback Agreement.

6.2.

In the event the Buyer sells the Purchased Unit to any other person ("Third Party") in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement, the sale and transfer to such Third Party shall be subject to prior issuance ofNOC
by the Developer, upon obtaining which, the Purchased Unit may be transferred from the Buyer to the Third
Party, subj ect to applicable transfer charges. The Buyer undertakes that such Third Party shall be bound by
the provisions of this Agreement, including inter aua the Leaseback Agreement, as and when applicable, and
the Buyer shall procure that such Third Party does and executes all such acts, deeds and things as required
under this Agreement including inter alia the Leaseback Agreement.

6.3.

The Buyer shall execute all documents and do and cause to be done all such acts as may be required by the
Developer with respect to the leaseback and buyback of the Purchased Unit under this Agreement to Sell.

6.4.

The Buyer acknowledges and understands that this Agreement to Sell is subject to simultaneous leaseback
of the Purchased Unit to the Developer whereby the Buyer transfers physical and vacant possession of
the Purchased Unit to the Developer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Leaseback
Agreement, as well as buyback of the Purchased Unit by the Developer in accordance with these General
Terms and Conditions. The Buyer understands and acknowledges that all rights, title, and interest in the
Common areas and Common Facilities, roof and exterior walls shall always rest with the Developer.

6.5.

All risks, responsibilities and obligations associated with the Purchased Unit shall pass to the Buyer as and
from the Completion Date, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page ll of22

6.6.

Subject to Clause 6.3 above, the Buyer shall be eligible for receipt of Rent. in accordance with the terms of the
Leaseback Agreement, after clearance of any outstanding dues and payments and execution of any relevant
undertakings and agreements by the Buyer. In the event the Buyer fails to make the relevant payments and
provide undertakings as per this Clause 6.6, it shall be considered an event of default as envisaged in Clause
11 of these General Terms and Conditions.

6.7.

The Buyer acknowledges, understands, and accepts that the leaseback and buyback terms with respect to
the Purchased Unit, subj ect to terms of the formal agreements in relation thereto, shall be as follows:
(i)

Leaseback Agreement shall be effective for an initial lock-in period of ten (10) years starting from the
Commencement Date which period is renewable for a further ten (10) years in accordance with the
provisions of the Leaseback Agreement ("Lease Period");

(ii)

Payment of Rent shall commence six (6) months after the Estimated Completion Date, failing which
monthly fee shall be paid by the Developer to the Buyer in accordance with Clause 10 of these General
Terms and Conditions;

(iii)

Rent under the Leaseback Agreement shall be paid on a pro-rated basis calculated at seven percent
(7%) of the Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit per annum, and shall increase by twenty- five percent
(25%) every three (3) years of the Lease Period;

(iv)

In addition to payment of Rent to the Buyer, the Developer shall issue thirty (30) Complimentary
Vouchers to the Buyer as more fully described in and in accordance with the Leaseback Agreement;

(v)

Upon Lapse of the Lease Period, the Buyer shall either renew t he Leaseback Agreement for a further
period of ten (10) years as per the terms t hereof or sell the Purchased Unit to the Developer at a price
equal to 1.7 times the Purchase Price.

7.

DEVELOPER'S COVENANTS AND WARRANTIES
The Developer covenants or warrants as under:
7.1.

To carry out construction of the Project in compliance and to be built substantially in accordance with good
building and engineering practices, using suitable materials and in accordance with the requirements of
concerned authorities, building codes, laws, rules and regulations currently in force.

7.2.

To obtain manufacturers' warranties in respect of any fixtures or fittings installed by or on behalf of the
Developer in the Purchased Unit. The Developer makes no independent representation or warranty as regards
the fitness for use or quality of appliances, fittings or fixtures and has relied on the manufacturers'/suppliers'
representations and warranties in this regard;

Buyer's initials

Oevetoper's initials
P~c 12of22

7.3.

In case the Purchased Unit requires any structural repairs or structural rectijication, other than regular wear
and tear, the Developer shall rectify or repair the same for a period of jive (5) years from the Completion Date.

7.4.

The Purchased Unit is subject to a builder's defects liability warranty in respect of any defective material,
jittings and jixtures including mechanical, plumbing and electrical works for a period of one (1) year from
the date of completion of the construction thereof, except where such defects arise from an Event of Force
Majeure or are caused or contributed to by the Buyer in the sole opinion of the Developer.

7.5.

The Developer, through the building contractor, shall remain liable for a period of one (1) year from the
Completion Date to repair or replace any inherently defective material, jittings and jixtures which shall
include civil, mechanical, plumbing, and electrical works provided that the maintenance and/or replacement
of all appliances in the Purchased Unit shall be covered by the warranties of respective manufacturers and
the Developer shall have no liability thereof.

7.6.

For avoidance of any doubt, it is clarijied that the period of structural liability (Clause 7.3), defects liability
warranty (Clause 7.4) and appliances and equipment warranties (Clause 7.5), shall commence with effect from
the Completion Date.

7.7.

The Developer will not be liable for any damage caused to the structure, jittings and jixtures where the
damage is caused by normal wear and tear or where there is breakage or accidental damage caused or
contributed to by any act or omission of the Buyer, occupant or visitor of the Purchased Unit.

7.8.

The Developer shall construct or cause the construction of the infrastructure relating to t he Project including
roads, lighting, walkways, and landscaping substantively in accordance with its overall development plan for
infrastructure of the Proj ect;

7.9.

In the event that the Purchased Unit requires any structural repairs or structural rectification, the Developer
or Hotel Management Company shall rectify or repair the same, including regular wear and tear, during the
Lease Period;

7.10.

The Developer covenants to take the Purchased Unit on lease from the Buyer against payment of Rent, and
make t imely Rent payments to the Buyer in accordance with the provisions of the Leaseback Agreement;

7.11.

The Developer further covenants to issue Complimentary Vouchers to the Buyer, as per the terms of the
Leaseback Agreement.

8.

BUYER'S COVENANTS AND WARRANTIES
The Buyer covenants, undertakes or warrants as under:
8.1.

The Purchased Unit is being purchased on the Buyer's own behalf and the Buyer has the necessary legal
capacity and authority to purchase the same;

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 13of22

8.2.

To execute all documents and do and cause to be done all such acts as may be required by the Developer with
respect to the leaseback and buyback of the Purchased Unit under this Agreement to Sell;

8.3.

The Buyer shall, simultaneous to the execution of this Agreement to Sell, enter into the Leaseback Agreement
in favour of the Developer or its nominee, to leaseback and handover possession of the Purchased Unit to the
Developer;

8.4.

The Buyer shall grant the Developer complete and unfettered right of usage of the Purchased Unit, to be used
by the Developer for the Permitted Use and in accordance with the terms of the Leaseback Agreement;

8.5.

He/she shall not interfere in the Permitted Use of the Purchased Unit by the Developer or its nominee;

8.6.

He/she may utilize the Complimentary Vouchers in accordance with the terms of the Leaseback Agreement;

8.7.

Upon expiration of the Leaseback Agreement, the Buyer shall either renew the leaseback Agreement as per
the terms thereof, or execute a buyback agreement with the Developer in accordance with the provisions of
these General Terms and Conditions.

8.8.

The Buyer shall and shall procure that any Third Party shall:
(i)

Comply strictly with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Leaseback Agreement, which
shall prevail beyond the Completion Date;

(ii)

Make the Purchased Unit available exclusively for use by the Developer and/or the Hotel Management
Company, their officers, employees, representative, agents, nominees, successors-in-interest and
permitted assigns, at all times and without any hindrance and in accordance with the leaseback
Agreement;

(iii)

Not enter or otherwise access the Purchased Unit other than in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and the Leaseback Agreement;

(iv)

Comply in all respects with the provisions of all laws, decrees, regulations and the Rules includi ng the
rules of and requirements of any Competent Authority in relation to the Purchased Unit or anything
done in the Purchased Unit;

(v)

Pay all taxes, charges, duties, and/or levies that may be imposed or levied with respect to this
Agreement, as per Clause 5;

(vi)

Permit the Developer and/or the Hotel Management Company to make any partitions, alterations,
additions, attachments of any nature in the Purchased Unit;

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 14 of 22

(vii)

Understand and acknowledge that the Buyer's/Third Party's obligations in this Agreement shall
continue beyond the Completion Date.

8.9.

The Buyer acknowledges and understands that the Developer shall construct the infrastructure relating to
the Project including inter alia boundary walls, roads, lighting, walkways and landscaping substantively in
accordance with the Developer's overall development plan for infrastructure and the Buyer shall have no
objection to it.

8.10.

The Buyer agrees not to modify, add or remove any part of the exterior and/or interior of the Purchased Unit
or construct any additional improvements in the Purchased Unit.

8.11.

The Buyer acknowledges and understands that the Developer shall endeavour and make all reasonable
efforts to deliver the Purchased Unit as per the specifications in the Description of Purchased Unit. However,
in the event of any modification, the Developer may substitute the Purchased Unit with another unit having
similar specifications as the Purchased Unit. In the event the substitute Purchased Unit provided to the Buyer
is of a lesser value, the Buyer will be entitled to a refund of the difference between the Purchase Price of the
original Purchased Unit and the substitute Unit without any mark-up or adjustment thereon, subject to the
terms of this Agreement.

8.12.

The Buyer confirms and declares that all the statements made and information provided by the Buyer in this
Agreement are true and correct. In case any such statement or information is found to be incorrect or false,
the Developer shall have the right to canceVterminate the allocation of the Purchased Unit to the Buyer by
notice in writi ng, and any amount paid by the Buyer to the Developer shall be forfeit ed in the manner and in
terms of Clause 11 below.

9.

SALE AND ASSIGNMENT BY THE BUYER
9.1.

This Agreement shall not entitle, allow and or confer any right, easement or interest to the Buyer in the land,
roof or Common Areas or Facilities of the Project and/or any other area not expressly forming part of the area
of the Purchased Unit. The Buyer shall not have any right or claim in the Project other than the area of the
Purchased Unit.

9.2.

No sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of any interest in the Purchased Unit, whether before or
after the Completion Date, will be binding on the Developer or of any legal effect until and unless:
(i)

Lease period (as defined in the Leaseback Agreement) has lapsed;

(ii)

the Developer's prior written consent to such sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition ofinterest
has been obtained by t he Buyer;

(iii)

the fees payable under Clause 9.3 or otherwise howsoever, have been paid in full to the satisfaction of
the Developer;

Buyer's inrtials

Developer's initials

Page 1Sof22

(iv)

all relevant taxes. duties. levies. and charges in relation to the sale and purchase of the Purchased Unit
have been paid;

(v)

all payments due as at the effective date of the proposed transfer have been paid in full to the
Developer and any Competent Authorities to its/their satisfaction; and

(vi)

the buyer/transferee/assignee to the Purchased Unit has agreed and undertaken in writing to be
bound by this Agreement and the Leaseback Agreement. and has signed a letter of adherence or such
other document in relation thereto as may be prescribed by the Developer in this regard.

9.3.

Any assignment, transfer or sale of the Purchased Unit by the Buyer shall be subject to payment of transfer
charges of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit, and any other applicable fees at the
time, to the Developer. While allowing the assignment or sale, the Developer shall have the right to impose
additional terms and conditions.

9.4.

The Buyer acknowledges. confirms and agrees that the sale price of the Purchased Unit, in the event of
buyback by the Developer upon lapse of the Leaseback Agreement, shall be at a price equal to 1.7 times the
total Purchase Price as specified in the Description of Purchased Unit.

9.5.

Developer may assign or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement or with respect
to the Purchased Unit to any person or party by giving prior written notice to the Buyer and the Buyer hereby
irrevocably and irreversibly grants the Developer the right of any such assignment or transfer. However, the
Developer shall make all reasonable effort to protect the interests of the Buyer under this Agreement.

10. DEFAULT BY THE DEVELOPER
Subject to the terms of thisAgreement. in the event that the Developer or the Hotel Management Company is unable
to launch the Purchased Unit as hotel apartment within six (6) months following the Estimated Completion Date,
then. provided the Buyer has fulfilled all obligations and has made complete Instalment Payments in the Payment
Plan, including the amount payable on possession and any applicable Adjusted Amount, the Developer shall pay the
Buyer a monthly fee until such time as the Purchased Unit is launched as hotel apartment. The monthly fee shall be
calculated on a pro-rata basis and shall be equal to five percent (5%) per annum of the total payments received from
the Buyer to date with respect to the Purchase Price.

11. DEFAULT BY THE BUYER AND DEFAULTING PENALTY
11.1.

If the Buyer fails to pay any Instalment Payment or other payments due under this Agreement to the
Developer or to any Competent Authority, within ten (10) days of its Due Date, then the Developer may:
(i)

impose liquidated damages at the rate of two percent (2%) per month on each outstanding Instalment
Payment or any part thereof and/or any other payment(s) that remain(s) outstanding from the date
such payment became due, to be paid in addition to such outstanding payments; and/or

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 16of22

(ii)

in the event the default is not cured within sixty (60) days of the relevant Due Date, upon serving of
~rst written notice of seven (7) days followed by ~nal written notice of seven (7) days to the Buyer,
terminate this Agreement forthwith and recover liquidated damages from the Buyer equivalent to
Mteen percent (15%) of the Purchase Price, in addition to the damages imposed under Clause 11.1(i)
above. After deducting all charges under this Clause 11.1 and any other charges that may be applicable
from the Instalment Payments paid by the Buyer in accordance with the Payment Plan, the Developer
shall refund the balance amount, if any, to the Buyer. In the event of any shortfall, the Developer shall
be entitled to its rights under law to recover the same from the Buyer.

11.2.

In the event that the Buyer fails to give any undertaking or execute any document of the Purchased Unit, then
the Developer may take the action speci~ed under Clause 11.1 (ii) above.

11.3.

Delay in payment of any Instalment Payment(s) or appUcable Adjusted Amount exceeding sixty (60) days
shall be treated as a default by the Buyer and the Developer will be entitled to take action in accordance with
Clause 11.1(ii) above.

11.4.

joint Buyers shall,jointlyand individually, be responsible to ful~l and discharge all the obligations hereinabove
mentioned. Upon breach of any of the conditions of this Agreement by any one of them, the Developer shall
be at liberty for recourse and redressal in terms of this Agreement against any one or all of the joint Buyers
(as the Developer may determine in its sole discretion).

12. FORCE MAJEURE
12.1.

"Event of Force Majeure· means an act of God including but not limited to ~re, flood, earthquake, windstorm
or other natural disaster; act of any sovereign authority including but not limited to war, invasion, act of
foreign enemies. hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
military or usurped power or con~scation, nationalization, requisition, act of terrorism or destruction or
damage to property by or under the order of any government or public or local authority or other Competent
Authority or imposition of government sanction embargo or similar action; labour dispute including but
not limited to strike, lockout or boycott; interruption or failure of utility service including but not limited
to electric power, water or telephone service; failure of the transportation of any personnel, equipment,
machinery or material required by the Developer for completion of the Project; breach of contract by any
essential contractor or subcontractor or any other matter or cause beyond the control of the Developer that
prevents it from completing or performing its obligations under this Agreement. The Developer shall not be
liable for such non-completion or non-performance under this Agreement for so long as such Event of Force
Majeure exists and its effects continue.

12.2. Should an Event of Force Majeure occur that is Ukely to or will delay the Estimated Completion Date or
Completion Date, the Developer shall promptly notify the Buyer in writing of the event and give the Buyer a
revised Estimated Completion or Completion Date or an estimate of the duration of the delay, as and when
it can be determined. Extensions in the Estimated Completion or Completion Date on account of an Event of
Force Majeure shall be in addition to any other extensions pursuant to the terms hereof.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page17of22

12.3.

No Event of Force Majeure which is less than thirty (30) calendar days shall excuse the Buyer from making
any Instalment Payment on its Due Date, which may be extended for a period equal to the duration of the
Event of Force Majeure. Provided that any Event of Force Majeure exceeding thirty (30) days shall result
in a commensurate adjustment of the Due Date of any remaining Instalment Payments or any applicable
Adj usted Amount.

13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
13.1.

This Agreement, as defined in Clause 2 of this Agreement to Sell, constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties and there are no other representations, warranties, conditions or collateral agreements, express or
implied, written or oral, whether made by the Developer, any officer, agent, employee or representative of the
Developer or any other person including. without limitation, arising out of any marketing material including
sales brochures, models, representative view sets, show room displays, photographs, videos, illustrations,
renderings, revenue projections or pro-forma statements provided to the Buyer or made available for his/her
viewing and, upon acceptance by the Developer, this Agreement shall form a binding agreement subject only
to the terms and conditions contained herein.

13.2.

Except as contemplated in this Agreement, any modification or amendment to this Agreement shall be in
writing duly signed by both Parties.

13.3.

The Buyer acknowledges that he/ she will be bound by the Leaseback Agreement.

14. GOVE RNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
14.1.

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be
governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan.

14.2. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Agreement will be resolved amicably
between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to and settled
by arbitration under the Arbitration Act (X of 1940). After lapse of fifteen (15) days, arbitration proceedi ngs
may be initiated by delivery of a notice in writing by either Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration
shall be Lahore and the language of the arbitration proceedings shall be English. The decision and award of
the arbitrator shall be final, non- appealable and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.

15. NOTICES
15.1.

Without prejudice to the right to serve notice by any other means, any notice required to be served under this
Agreement shall be in writing in the English language and shall be deemed sufficiently served forty-eight (48)
hours after it has been mailed by registered post or twenty-four (24) hours if served through e-mail to the
address of the Party to be served that is set out in this Agreement to Sell or to such other address of which a
notice has been previously given by the Party.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page18of22

15.2.

It is clari ~ed that in case there is more than one Buyer. notice to any one Buyer shall be deemed as notice to
all Buyers and the Developer shall be under no obligation to write to each Buyer individually.

15.3.

Buyer shall notify the Developer in writing. in advance. of any change of address (postal, email, or otherwise).
Buyer's failure to report a change of address shall not affect validity of service of any notice that may be
served by the Developer to the Buyer at the last known address.

16. SURVIVAL
16.1.

The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement will survive the Completion Date and transfer of the
Purchased Unit in the name of the Buyer and any subsequent buyer. ThisAgreement shall enure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective personal representatives, heirs, successors,
and permitted assigns.

16.2.

The Developer agrees that in case of the death of the Buyer, the Developer shall make reasonable efforts
to assist the Nominee named by the Buyer to procure the succession of the legal heirs to the rights of the
Buyer under this Agreement, in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws of inheritance. Provided
that t he Nominee shall cause all such legal heirs to execute a letter of adherence (or such other document
which confirms the legal heirs taking over and being fully bound by the obligations of the Buyer under this
Agreement) and indemnify the Developer for any loss or damage on account of claims by other legal heirs of
the Buyer.

17. COUNTERPARTS
ThisAgreement may be executed. accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute
one and the same Agreement to Sell.

18. TIME IS OF ESSENCE
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the time fixed for payment or any part t hereof under t his
Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Agreement.

19. WAIVER
The delay or failure of either Party to enforce or insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms or conditions of
this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of said Party's rights hereunder.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 19of22

20. SEVERABILITY
if any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other
provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall, within thirty (30) days of such
declaration or judgment, substitute the affected provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible. the
substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question.

21. TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION OF SALE
21.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Buyer may cancel or terminate this Agreement at
any time, subject to deduction of cancellation charges equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the Purchase Price
and deduction on account ofany other charge or cost payable by the Buyer under this Agreement. The balance
of any payment made by the Buyer under this Agreement, if any, will be refunded to the Buyer within six (6)
months of termination or upon re- sale of the cancelled Purchased Unit. whichever comes later.

21.2.

Any refund upon termination under Clause 21 shall be subject to deduction of the difference between the
Purchase Price and the market price of the Purchased Unit at the time of termination, in the event t hat the
latter is lower.

21.3.

ln case of termination under Clause 21, the Buyer shall surrender all original documents, acknowledgements
of receipt and any other correspondence under this Agreement, including without limitation this Agreement
itself.

21.4.

Subject to the terms and condit ions of thisAgreement, the Developer may cancel or terminate this Agreement
in the event of breach of this Agreement by the Buyer as envisaged herein. Any refund to the Buyer as a result
of termination under this Clause 21.4 shall be subj ect to deduction of cancellation charges equal to fifteen
percent (15%) of the Purchase Price and deduction on account of any other charge or cost payable by the
Buyer under this Agreement

22. GOOD FAITH
Each Party shall in good faith perform its obligations under this Agreement based on confidence placed by such
Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party.

23. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Buyer hereby confirms having read, understood, and accepted this Agreement in its entirety, and is affixing his/
her signat ure in the presence of witnesses.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
P~e 20of22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
NOMINEES
(A) NOMINEE OF BUYER

Nominee's Name:

Relationship:

0

Constitution:

Individual

0

joint Ownership

CNIC/NICOP:
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ DateofExpiry: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

Date of Issue:

Residential Address:

Correspondence Address:

Phone:

(Res) - - - - - - (Off) - - - - - - (Mob) - - - - - - -

E-mail:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 21of22

AGREEMENT TO SELL
NOMINEES
(B) NOMINEE OF JOI NT BUYE R(I FANY)

Nominee's Name:

Relationship:

0

Constitution:

Individual

0

joint Ownership

CNIC/NICOP:
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ DateofExpiry: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

Date of Issue:

Residential Address:

Correspondence Address:

Phone:

(Res) - - - - - - (Offl - - - - - - (Mob) - - - - - - -

E-mail:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 22of22

SMART SHOPPING, MODERN LIVING

LEASEBACK AGREEMENT

LEASEBACI< AGREEMENT
This Leaseback Agreement is entered into at- - - on this - - - day of- - - - 20 - - by and between:
(i) LESSOR NAME:
Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Expiry Date: - - - - - - - - - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence) - - - - - - - - - - (Office) - - - - - - - - - - -

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - - E-mail: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(ii) JOINT LESSOR NAME:

Father's/Husband's Name:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Expiry Date: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

CNIC/NICOP:
Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence) - - - - - - - - - - - (Office) - - - - - - - - - - -

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - - E- mail:- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(iii) COMPANY NAME:

Incorporation No.:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - NTN: - - - - - - - - - - -

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Mobile

- - - - - - - - - E- mail: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(individually. or in the case ofjoint Lessors, collectively referred to as "LESSOR': which expression shall, where the context
so admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators. Nominees. successors-ininterest. permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the ONE PART.
AND
Mall35, a partnership firm with its office located at 94-B/1, Pearl One, MM Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore ("LESSEE"
which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns)
of the OTHER PART.
(Lessor and the Lessee shall hereinafter be referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as t he "Parties'l

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 1ofll

WHEREAS
(A)

The Lessee is a real estate developer, and has undertaken a real estate proj ect named and styled as 'Mall35'
comprising inter alia restaurants, hotel apartments, and commercial shops, located at Plot No. 35/A, Police
Station Road, Rawalpindi ("Project'/;

(B)

The Lessor is the sole, absolute and exclusive owner of a hotel apartment in 'Mall35', purchased by the Lessor
from the Lessee vide Agreement to Sell No.

dated

executed

by and between the Parties for sale and leaseback of the hotel apartment; and
(C)

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the aforementioned Agreement to Sell, the Lessor desires to
leaseback to the Lessee, and the Lessee desires to take on lease from the Lessor, the Demised Premises in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Leaseback Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, Lessor and Lessee, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1.

The Leaseback Agreement (defined below), along with the Agreement to Sell as well as all annexures attached
thereto, and any other document(s) forming part of the Leaseback Agreement pursuant to the term and
conditions hereof. shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto in
respect of the leaseback of the Demised Premises (defined below).

2.

The documents specified in Clause 1 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of any
conflict, ambigui ty or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given to the General Terms
and Conditions attached to the Agreement to Sell, followed by the Agreement to Sell, and Description of
the Purchased Unit attached to the Agreement to Sell. Any terms used as defined terms and not defined
in the Leaseback Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Agreement to Sell. The rules
of interpretation set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents forming the
Leaseback Agreement

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPREATION
3.

Unless inconsistent with t he context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement to Sell

means the Agreement to Sell executed by and between the Lessor and the Lessee for the
sale and leaseback of the Demised Premises, as specified in Reci tal (B) of this Leaseback
Agreement.

Common Areas

means those parts of the Project not physicallyforminga part of any Unit including inter
alia all open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies and
hallways.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 2 o( ll

Common Facilities

means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, security system, tube- well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas do not form part of the Demised Premises.

Commencement Date

means the date on which the Hotel Management Company launches the hotel for the
Project, in accordance with the Permitted Use.

Competent Authority

means any federal, provincial, capital or local government or authority, department.
local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority including the Office of the Cantonment
Board Rawalpindi, Office of the Military Estates Officer Rawalpindi, and any other
authority which has j urisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or this Leaseback
Agreement.

Complimentary Voucher means a voucher for one night's free stay at the Demised Premises or a comparable hotel
apartment/Unit in the Project, as specified in Clause 7 whereas Complimentary Vouchers
means multiple.
Demised Premises

means the Purchased Unit purchased through the Agreement to Sell which the Lessee
leases through this Leaseback Agreement. as more fully described in Description of
Purchased Unit/Demised Premises appended to the Agreement to Sell. For the avoidance
of doubt, any reference to the Demised Premises, where the context so permits, shall
also be reference to the Purchased Unit as defined under Agreement to Sell.

Due Date

means the date on which any payment of Rent (defined below) is required to be paid
by the Lessee to the Lessor in the designated bank account in accordance with t his
Leaseback Agreement.

Event of Force Majeure

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 34 and 35.

Expiry Date

means the date of expiry or termination of the Lease Period in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Leaseback Agreement.

Hotel Management
Company

means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or
associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest
and assigns) charged with the maintenance, operation or management of a hotel with
respect to the Units, including t he Demised Premises, and t he Parking Area, Common
Areas and/or Common Facilities.

lease Period

Lessor's initials

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5.

Lessee's initials

Page 3ofll

Leaseback Agreement

means this Leaseback Agreement entered into by and between the Lessor and Lessee for
the leaseback of the Demised Premises, as more fully described in Clause 1.

Nominee

has the meaning assigned to it in the Agreement to Sell.

Party

means the Lessee or the Lessor, whereas Parties means both.

Permitted Use

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9 of this Leaseback Agreement.

Project

means the real estate project, named and styled as 'Mall 35", being constructed and
developed by the Lessee on Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi.

Purchase Price

shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Agreement to Sell.

Rent

means the annual rent payable by the Lessee to Lessor for leaseback of the Demised
Premises as specified in Clause 6 of this Leaseback Agreement.

Unit
4.

means any one or more hotel apart ment(s) in the Proj ect. includi ng Purchased Unit.
Except where the context otherwise requires, references in this Leaseback Agreement to:
(i)

An Article, Clause, attachment. or paragraph are references to an Article, Clause, attachment
or paragraph of this Leaseback Agreement or the relevant document comprising this Leaseback
Agreement. unless otherwise specified;
Any headings herein are for ease of reference only and are not to be taken into account in construction

(ii)

or interpretation;
(iii)

Any statute or other legislative provision shall be read to include any statutory or legislative
modification, amendment or re- enactment thereof;

(iv)

Words denoting one gender shall include all other genders;

(v)

Words denoting singular shall, where the context permits, include plural;

(vi)

Any reference to a date or time is to such date and time in Islamabad, Pakistan;

(vii)

Any reference to a Party shalL where the context permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest
and permitted assigns;

(viii)

No rule of construction shall apply to t he disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible
for the preparation of this Leaseback Agreement or any part thereof;

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials
P~e 4 of ll

(ix)

Use of the terms "including•, "include" or "includes· shall be interpreted to be followed by the phrase
"without limitation~ unless otherwise specified;

(x)

An obligation on a Party to do any act, matter or thing include an obligation to procure that it is done
and words placing a Party under a restriction include an obligation not to permit or allow infringement
of the restriction.

(xi)

"Law• includes any law, by- law, regulation (includi ng any rule, official directive, request or guideline),
legislation (including delegated legislation), constitution, decree, judgment, court order/authority of
competent jurisdiction, ordinance, statute, treaty or other legislative measure of any governmental
body or any Competent Authority;

(xii)

Where there is a reference to "lease", "leaseback" or other disposition of interest in any unit by the
lessor to the lessee, such term refers to the disposition of interest of the lessor's rights relating to
the Demised Premises, including the right to occupy and use such Unit and, where applicable, transfer
those rights all upon and subject to this l easeback Agreement;

(xiii)

Any term not defined in this Leaseback Agreement shall have the meani ng assigned to it in the
Agreement to Sell.

TERM OF LEASE
5.

The l essor hereby agrees to irrevocably leaseback, and the l essee hereby agrees to take on lease from
the Lessor, the Demised Premises for an initial duration and lock-in period of t en (10) years which may be
renewed in accordance with Clause 31 hereof (the "l ease Period"). The Lease Period shall commence on the
Commencement Date.

RENT
6.

In consideration of the lease of the Demised Premises, the Lessee shall pay Rent and other benefits to the
Lessor during the Lease Period on the following terms:
(i)

Monthly Rent shall be paid on a pro-rated basis calculated at 7% of the Purchase Price of the Demised
Premises per annum.

(ii)

Rent shall be increased by 25% (twenty five percent) every three years of the l ease Period.

(iii)

Rent shall be paid for eleven (11) months per year of the Lease Period, along with thirty (30)
Complimentary Vouchers. The Complimentary Vouchers may be redeemed or encashed by the Lessor
in accordance with Clause 7 of this leaseback Agreement.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page Sofll

COMPLIMENTARY VOUCHERS
7.

Complimentary Vouchers may be redeemed or encashed by the Lessor as per the following terms:
(i)

A maximum of fifteen (15) Complimentary Vouchers may be redeemed during peak season, and
fifteen (15) during off-peak season, subject to availability and confirmat ion by the Hotel Management
Company.

(ii)

Complimentary Vouchers may be redeemed by the Lessor, either her/himself or for friends and family
(the"Beneficiary"), subject to availability. The Beneficiary shall have access to all Common Facilities
and amenities offered by the Hotel Management Company during their stay, as per the rules and
regulations of the Hotel Management Company, and any additional services may be availed as per the
standard schedule of rates & charges specified by the Hotel Management Company.

(iii)

The Lessor may, at Lessor's option, encash all thirty (30) Complimentary Vouchers in exchange for
one month's Rent. For the avoidance of doubt, one month's Rent under this Clause 7(iii) shall only be
claimed against thirty (30) unredeemed and valid Complimentary Vouchers.

(iv)

Complimentary Vouchers shall be valid for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of issuance
thereof and, if not redeemed or en cashed during the validity period, shall not be carried forward for
any further period.

OTHER CHARGES
8.

All applicable taxes shall be borne and paid by the Parties in accordance with law.

PERMITIED USE
9.

The Lessee will use, occupy, sub- lease the Demised Premises for the purpose of operating, managing and
maintaining a hotel, either itself or through a Hotel Management Company, for the duration of the Lease
Period.

10.

The Lessee will comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, orders, and regulations of any Competent
Authority with respect to the Demised Premises and Permitted Use.

SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
11.

The Lessor shall only selVtransfer or assign the Demised Premises in accordance with the Agreement to
Sell and the Rules, provided that the transferee has agreed and undertaken in writing to be bound by this
Agreement and has signed a letter of adherence or such other document as may be prescribed in this regard.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 6ofl1

12.

The Lessee shall have the right to sublease all or any part of the Demised Premises during the Lease Period
at the Lessee's own discretion, and the Lessor hereby undertakes to do or cause to be done all such acts,
deeds and the things and execute any documents requi red in relation or ancillary thereto. Provided that any
such sublease shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Leaseback Agreement and the Lessee's
obligation for payment of Rent hereunder.

LESSOR'S COVENANTS
13.

The Lessor permits the Lessee to carry out any required internal partitions, modifications, or to dismantle
or make alteration{s) to the Demised Premises, and install any billboards, hoardings, signage or any other
promotional material as it deems fit for the Permitted Use. The Lessee shall also have the right to place and
install on the Demised Premises specific outlets and adequate equipment, including inter alia equipment for
central air-conditioning (if any). Lessee shall not be liable to remove, at the time of expiry or termination of
this Leaseback Agreement. any fixtures and fittings or to reverse alterations as made by the Lessee during the
Lease Period.

14.

The Lessor hereby represents and warrants that at the time of execution of this Leaseback Agreement,
the Demised Premises is free from any lien, charge, encumbrance, etc. of whatsoever nature, and that the
Demised Premises shall remain unencumbered throughout the Lease Period.

15.

The Lessor shall not cause the Demised Premises to become subject to any lien, charge or encumbrance
whatsoever.

16.

The Lessor hereby undertakes that Lessee shall enjoy quiet and peaceful possession of the Demised Premises
from the date of signing of this Leaseback Agreement and during the Lease Period, without any hindrance or
disturbance.

17.

The Lessor shall not hinder in any way the Lessee's right to manage the Demised Premises as it deems fit.
including the determination by the Hotel Management Company of the schedule of rates and charges for the
hotel managing occupancy, day to day operations, human resource and other aspects associated with the
Permitted Use.

LESSEE'S COVENANTS
18.

The Lessee shall regularly and promptly pay the agreed Rent on a monthly basis, along with thirty {30)
Complimentary Vouchers, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Leaseback Agreement.

19.

The Lessee shall at its own cost, repair and maintain the Demised Premises, including all fixtures and fittings
therein, and shall ensure that the Demised Premises free of any defects and maintained in a good tenantable
condition, during the Lease Period, subject to the provisions of the Agreement to Sell.

20.

The Lessee shall regularly and promptly pay all utility bills and other related charges during the Lease Period.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 7ofll

WARRANTIES
21.

The Lessor confirms having read. understood and agrees to comply with the provisions of this Leaseback
Agreement and by any further terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Lessee.

22.

The Lessor confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Lessor herein are true and correct in all
respects.

23.

The Lessor confirms and warrants t hat the Lessor (and where there is more than one Lessor. each such
Lessor) has the requisite capacity and authority to enter into the Leaseback Agreement and to perform the
obligations hereunder.

24.

The Lessor represents that it has good, valid, legal and subsisting title to the Demised Premises and is fully
authorized to leaseback the Demised Premises.

25.

The Lessor undertakes that the Lessor shall not terminate this Leaseback Agreement during the lock-in
period specified in Clause 5 above.

26.

The Lessor warrants not to lease, assign, mortgage, encumber or otherwise hypothecate any interest in the
Demised Premises other than in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Leaseback Agreement and
the Agreement to Sell.

27.

The Lessor shall ensure that the Lessee enjoy quiet and peaceful possession of the Demised Premises during the
Lease Period without any let or hindrance by the Lessor or any person claiming under or in trust for the Lessor.

28.

The Lessor hereby covenants that grant of this leaseback is in compliance with the conditions of Agreement
to Sell.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT
29.

In the event that the Lessee fails to pay Rent for a period of six (6) months consecut ively, then the Lessee shall
do or cause to be done all acts necessary for the rights of the Lessor in the Demised Premises to be recorded
in the relevant land registry.

30.

In the event of breach of its obligations hereunder by t he Lessor. the Lessee shall be at liberty for recourse
and redressal in the terms of this Leaseback Agreement against the Lessor (as the Lessee may determine in
its sole discretion).

RENEWAL AND TERMINATION
31.

Upon lapse of the initial lock- in period often (10) years, the Lease Period may be renewed for a further period
of ten (10) years upon written mutual consent of the Parties and on the same terms and conditions as this
Leaseback Agreement.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 8 ofll

32.

This Leaseback Agreement may be terminated upon written mutual consent of both Parties.

33.

In the event of termination of this Leaseback Agreement, the Lessee shall hand over peaceful and vacant
possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor.

FORCE MAJEURE
34.

"Event of Force Majeure• means an act of God including but not limited to fire, flood, earthquake, windstorm
or other natural disaster; act of any sovereign authority including but not limited to war, invasion, act of
foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
military or usurped power or confiscation, nationalization, requisition, act of terrorism or destruction or
damage to property by or under the order of any government or public or local authority or other Competent
Authority or imposition of government sanction embargo or similar action; labou r dispute including but
not limited to strike, lockout or boycott; interruption or failure of utility service including but not limited to
electric power, water or telephone service; failure of the transportation of any personnel, equipment, or any
other matter or cause beyond the control of the Lessor and Lessee that prevents t hem from completing or
performing their obligations under this Leaseback Agreement. The Lessee shall not be liable for such nonperformance of payment of Rent under this Leaseback Agreement for so long as such Event of Force Majeure
exists and its effects continue.

35.

Should an Event of Force Majeure occur that is likely to or will delay the Commencement Date, the Lessee shall
promptly notify the Lessor of the event and give the Lessor a revised Commencement Date or an estimate of
the durat ion of the delay, followed by a revised Commencement Date as and when it can be determined.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT
36.

The Leaseback Agreement, as defined in Clause 1, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties
with respect to the leaseback of the Demised Premises, and there are no other representations, warranties,
conditions or collateral agreements, express or implied, written or oral, with respect to the leaseback of the
Demised Premises, whether made by the Lessee, any agent. employee or representative of the Lessee or any
other person including, without limitation, arising out of any marketing material including sales brochures,
models, representative view sets, show room displays, photographs, videos, illustrations, renderings, revenue
projections or pro-forma statements provided to the Lessor or made available for his/her viewing and, upon
acceptance by the Lessee, this Leaseback Agreement shall form a binding agreement subject to the terms and
conditions contained herein.

37.

Except as contemplated in this Leaseback Agreement, any modification or amendment to this Leaseback
Agreement shall be in writing and expressly stating t he intention to modify, amend or waive any provision of
this Leaseback Agreement, duly signed by both Parties.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 9of11

GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
38.

The Leaseback Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant t o this Leaseback
Agreement shall be governed and construed according to t he laws of Pakistan, with the exclusive j urisdiction
of the courts at Lahore.

39.

Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to this Leaseback Agreement will be resolved
amicably between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of its so arising. failing which it shall be referred to and
settled by arbitration under the Arbitration Act (X of1940). After lapse of fifteen (15) days, arbitration proceedings
may be initiated by deUvery of a notice in writing by either Party to the other Party. The place of arbitration
shall be Lahore and the language of the arbitration proceedings shall be English. The decision and award of the
arbitrator shall be fmal non-appealable and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.

NOTICES
40.

Without prejudice to the right to serve notice by any other means, any notice required to be served under
this Leaseback Agreement shall be in writing in the English language and shall be deemed sufficiently served
forty-eight (48) hours after it has been mailed by registered post or twenty- four (24) hours if served through
e-mail to the address of the Party to be served that is set out in this Leaseback Agreement or to such other
address of which a notice has been previously given by the Party.

41.

It is clarified that in case there is more than one Lessor, notice to any one Lessor shall be deemed as notice to
all Lessors and the Lessee shall be under no obligation to write to each Lessor individually.

42.

Lessor shall notify the Lessee in writing. in advance, of any change of address (postal, email, or otherwise).
Lessor's failure to report a change of address shall not affect validity of service of any notice that may be
served by the Lessee to the Lessor at the last known address.

SURVIVAL
43.

The Leaseback Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their
respective personal representatives, heirs, successors, and permitted assignees.

COUNTERPARTS
44.

The Leaseback Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall
together constitut e one and the same Leaseback Agreement.

WAIVER
45.

The delay or failure of either Party to enforce or insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms or
conditions of this Leaseback Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of said Party's rights hereunder.

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials

Page 10 of ll

SEVERABILITY
46.

Ifany one or more provisions of this Leaseback Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be
illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegali ty, invalidity or unenforceability shall
not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall
within thirty (30) days of such declaration or judgment, substitute the affected provisions in such a way t hat,
to the maximum extent possible, the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point
or points in question.

GOOD FAITH
47.

Each Party shall in good faith perform its obligations under this Leaseback Agreement based on confidence
placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
48.

The Lessor hereby confirms having read and understood this Leaseback Agreement in its entirety, and is
affixing his/her signature in the presence of witnesses.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their

own free will, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

For and on behalf of LESSOR

For and on behalf of JOINT LESSOR

For and on behalf of LESSEE

WITNESSED

For and on behalf of LESSOR

For and on behalf of LESSEE

Name: -------------------------

Name: -------------------------

CNIC/N ICOP: - - - - - - - - - -

CNIC/NICOP:

Lessor's initials

Lessee's initials
P~c 11 of11

THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

UAN 111 888 888
94-B/1, M.M Alam Road,
Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan