AGREEMENT FOR DEMOLITION 
 
 
 This Agreement for Demolition (the “Demolition Agreement” ) is entered into at Lahore on this 24 th day of July 2019 (the “ Effective Date ”) , by and b etween : 
 
 ZAMEEN PLATINUM (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan (“ Zameen ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) , 
 
 AND 
 
 MR. AMIR KHAN , s/o Zareen Khan r/o House No 39, Street No. 1 Shurah Kothi , Gulberg II, Lahore , bearing C NIC# 35202- 6 4 30620-3 (“ Contractor ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( Zameen and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ”) 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 Zameen solely and absolutely owns the property 49 Zafar Ali Road , Gulberg V, Lahore (the “ Site ” ) and requires demolition and removal of all structures constructed thereon ; and 
 
 The Contractor is in the business of demolition, and has all the necessary skills, capability and licences to demolish, raze and remove the Structures (defined below) from the Site ; and 
 
 The Parties desire to enter into this Demolition Agreement for the demolition and removal of the Structures, as per the terms and conditions hereof . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants , the Parties intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Demolition Agreement : 
 
 SCOPE 
 
 This Demolition Agreement shall be effective for a period of fifteen (14) days commencing on the Effective Date, i.e. from 24 th day of July 2019 until the 6 th day of August 2019 or such other additional days as specified in Clause 6.2 ( “Term” ). 
 
 The Contractor offers to perform all acts required for demolition and complete removal of all structures and/or any plantation from the Site (the “ Structures ”) , as specified in Annexure A , and Zameen accepts such offer, as per the terms and conditions and for the consideration specified herein . 
 
 The Parties agree that the Contractor shall demolish, raze and remove all Structures from the Site, including removal of all materials and debris . In consideration of the faithful performance of the Contractor’s obligations under this Demolition Agreement, Zameen shall grant the Contractor the right to retain all materials and debris as the property of the Contractor. 
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The Contractor shall, during and before expiry of the Term: 
 
 D emolish all of the S tructures located on the Site , described in Annexure A , as well as remove and dispose of all materials, debris, combustible and non-combustible, from the razing of such Structure ; 
 
 Manage , procure and maintain all approvals etc. including but not limited to any approval(s) and/or no objection certificate(s) from the Parks &amp; Horticulture Authority (PHA) Lahore, for the removal of trees and other plantation from the Site , if required; 
 
 Remove from the premises all materials and debris from the razing of the Structures , including any temporary setups or structures (in terms of Clause 2.1.7 ) and dispose of all such materials and debris at no cost to Zameen and in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and by-laws ; 
 
 Undertake all necessary extermination work in relation to inter alia , termites, pests or any other kind of infestation at the Site; 
 
 Backfill the Site with clean fill sand so that the Site is restored to a natural ground level, and no higher than curb elevation . 
 
 P rovide adequate fire protection, maintain and provide adequate protection from flooding etc. and not to create any undue hazardous conditions in connection wi th the work at the Site; 
 
 P rovid e , at his own cost, all labour, equipment and machinery required for the demolition, removal and disposal of the Structures; 
 
 M aintain the Site and any temporary sheds, structure or any other setup established thereon by the Contractor, as well as any facilities, such as water and sanitation, electricity, or any other facility required or utilised by the Contractor or his employees, agents or personnel , at his own cost ; 
 
 Ensure that no existing utility connections, wiring, water and sanitation lines/ connections on the Site , as d escribed in Annexure B, are removed or damaged during demolition , and where needed, relocated as per the directions of the Engineer (as defined below) ; 
 
 Zameen shall: 
 
 Pursuant to this Demolition Agreement and the obligations of the Contractor herein, grant the Contractor free and uninterrupted access to the Site at all times during the Term ; 
 
 Nominate a team of technical advisor s and/or expert s (the “Engineer” ) to supervise, corroborate and authorize the demolition. 
 
 The Parties agree in case of any confusion or dispute in relation to the demolition work, the Engineer shall have th e final word with respect to this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 
 SECURITY DEPOSIT 
 
 T he Contractor has deposited with Zameen a n amount of Rs . 1 00, 000 ( Rupees One Hundred Thousand ) as security for the faithful performance of its obligations under this Demolition Agreement (the “ Security Deposit ”) , vide Cheque No. 26147158 dated 23 rd July, 2019. Receipt of Security Deposit is hereby acknowledged by Zameen . 
 
 The Security Deposit shall be refunded by Zameen to the Contractor upon complete performance of the Contractor’s obligations under this Demolition Agreement during the Term to the satisfaction of Zameen. In the event of delay or default in the performance of obligations by the Contractor , the Security Deposit shall be subject to such deductions as specified in Clause 6.2. 
 
 
 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants : 
 
 That it/he/she has the capacity to enter into this Demolition Agreement, and is not in breach of any law and/or obligation b y entering into this Demolition Agreement; 
 
 T o take reasonable care and skill in th e performance of this Demolition Agreement; 
 
 To obtain all necessary permits and licences and pay all fees connected with the demolition w ork described in this Demolition Agreement; 
 
 To comply with all labour laws and any occupational health and safety regulations and by-laws applicable for work in relation to the performance of this Demolition Agreement. More specifically the Contractor undertakes not to employee any labour below the age of 18 (eighteen) years; 
 
 Not to cause damage to adjoining walls, buildings, trees and plantation, and/or to neighbouring properti es, whether public or private; 
 
 To ensure that all demolition work is carried out during the day shifts only i.e. between 7am and 7pm , and loading of materials and debris for disposal is carried out as per the trade practice and during evening/night shifts. The Contractor shall ensure provision of adequate lighting and o ther safety arrangements at his own expense for such purposes; 
 
 To remove all non-combustible and combustible materials, including inter alia but not limited to, brickbats and plasters, grubbed material, wood, tar paper, wood furring, lathe, and the like, completely from the premises an d in accordance with Clause 2.1.2; 
 
 T o prevent the encroachment of demolished materials onto adjoining property, including public places, and adjacent buildings ; 
 
 T o provide (temporary) screens, bulkheads and covers, and where necessary, to provide security personnel to prevent unauthorized access to the Site ; 
 
 That in the event, completion date is to be delayed a competent representative of the Contractor has a clear obligation to accurately report any change from the original projected completion date, and the effect on costs in writing to Zameen immediately . Thereafter, any extension of time must be mutually agreed in writing between the Parties hereto and after consultation with a technical expert/ engineer from Zameen ; 
 
 That d uring the T erm of this Demolition Agreement, Zameen ’s officers and/or authorised personnel shall have the right to visit the Site from time to time. All work under or executed in pursuance of this Demolition Agreement shall at all times be open to the inspection by Zameen representatives’ and/ or any other authority(ies); 
 
 T o take proper precautions and measures, to ensure safety and not to risk or end anger or cause any damage to any p erson (s) or thei r property, present at the Site; 
 
 To seize demolition work as and when required by Zameen ; 
 
 That any unknown existing utilities or connections discovered, uncovered or encountered during the operations under this Demolition Agreement shall be brought to Zameen ’s notice immediately. These shall be appropriately guarded and protected against damage, unless directed otherwise in writing by Zameen ; 
 
 T hat prior to demolishing over or adjacent to existing utilities, the Contractor shall seek approval from Zameen and/or the Engineer, and notify the relevant authority to ensure the work will be coordinated and performed in accordance with ap plicable laws and requirements; 
 
 That the Customer shall bear costs and expenses for any damage caused to the existing public utilities and connections, including inter alia water, electricity, sui-gas, landlines and sewerage, during the Term of this Demolition Agreement ; 
 
 B e responsible for the adequacy, stability and safety of all Site operations, in accordance with and in compliance with , relevant labour laws and other applicable rules, regulations and by- laws. 
 
 
 SUBCONTRACTING 
 
 Contractor agrees that it will not subcontract the whole of the work to be performed under this Demolition Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, the Contractor may subcontract part(s) of this Demolition Agreement, provided that the Contractor shall at all times perform the substantial part o f this Demolition Agreement himself and shall remain solely responsible for the performance hereunder. 
 
 
 TERMINATION 
 Without prejudice to any right or remedies available to Zameen under this Demolition Agreement or otherwise: 
 
 In the event Contractor delays or suspends work, fails to rectify any defective work, or performs work in an unprofessional or otherwise improper manner, Zameen is entitled to terminate this Demolition Agreement with immediate effect. 
 
 In the event the Contractor fails to complete the perform ance of his obligations under this Demolition Agreement on or before the expiry of the Term, then: 
 
 The Contractor shall be given a grace period of 2 additional days ( “Grace Period” ) , that is till 8 th of August 2019 , to fulfil his obligations , without any penalty or charges . Thereafter, the Contractor shall be liable to penalty under Clause 6.2.2 and 6.2.3 below ; 
 
 Subject to Clause 6.2.3, the Contractor shall be liable to pay a penalty equ a l to Rs . 1 0, 000 per day, commencing 9 th August 2019 , which shall be adjusted against the Security Deposit ; and 
 
 Failure to complete the performance of his obligations under this Demolition Agreement on or before 1 8 th August 2019, shall result in the immediate termination of th is Demolition Agreement and the Contractor shall immediately vacate the Site. In the event of termination under this Clause 6.2.3 , the Contractor shall no longer have permission to remove any Structures, standing or fallen, from the Site , or any material or debris from the demolition work . 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 Contractor acknowledges that it is an independent contractor and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Zameen from and against any loss or expense for damages because of bodily injuries, including death at any time resulting therefrom, accidents sustained by any person or persons, or on account of damage to property arising out of or in pursuit of the performance of this Demolition Agreement, whether the injuries to person or damage to property are due or claimed to be due to any negligence of Contractor, subcontractors, or their agents, or employees, or of any other person. 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the damage caused by the acts, omissions and/or defaults of any subcontractor(s), his agents or employees, as if they were the acts, omissions or defaults of the Contractor himself. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify and hold Zameen, its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successor-in-interest and permitted assigns, against and from all third party claims, damages, losses and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) with respect to or in connection to this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 
 GENERAL CLAUSES 
 
 The Parties agree that that the benefit accruing to both the Parties is sufficient and adequate consideration for the purposes of this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-SOLICITATION 
 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable precautions to protect Confidential Information. Contractor shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party whether during the Term of the Demolition Agreement or after termination or expiration hereof for any reason whatsoever other than as directed by or with the written consent of Zameen . 
 
 The Contractor shall not, at any time during the Term of this Demolition Agreement or at any time thereafter, disclose to any person any proprietary information or trade secrets or any other information of Zameen , including the existence and contents of this Demolition Agreement, except as may be required by court order or law. 
 
 The Contractor shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, employ or offer employment to, solicit or endeavour to entice away or discourage any employee and/or prospective employee of Zameen (including former employees whose employment was terminated/expired within the preceding one (1) year of this Demolition Agreement) and/or its affiliates during the Demolition Agreement and up to one year after the termination/expiry of this Demolition Agreement. Further, Contractor shall not acquire any direct or indirect service from any employee(s) of Zameen other than in accordance with this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 AMMENDMENT AND SEVERABILITY 
 
 All additions, amendments and variations to this Demolition Agreement shall be binding only if in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and shall be executed in the form of an addendum, which shall be read as an integral part of this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 The clauses and paragraphs contained herein this Demolition Agreement are intended to be read and construed independently of each other. If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Demolition Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, it is the parties’ intent that such provision be reduced in scope by the court only to the extent deemed necessary by that court to render the provision reasonable and enforceable and the remainder of this Demolition Agreement will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated as a result. 
 
 GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION 
 
 The Demolition Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to the Demolition Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan, with the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to the Demolition Agreement will be resolved amicably be tween the Parties within ten (10 ) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to and settled by arbitration under the Arbitration Act (X of 1940). 
 
 INTERPRETATION 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Demolition Agreement, the time fixed for payment of amount(s) or any part thereof under this Demolition Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Demolition Agreement. 
 
 Headings are inserted for the convenience of the Parties only and are not to be considered when interpreting this Demolition Agreement. Words in the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa. Words in the masculine mean and include feminine and vice versa. 
 
 GOOD FAITH 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under the Demolition Agreement based on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party. 
 
 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 The Demolition Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Demolition Agreement. 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Demolition Agreement embodies the entire understanding of the Parties and there are no promises, terms, conditions or obligations, oral or written, express or implied, other than those contained herein and this Demolition Agreement supersedes and cancels all prior agreements, understandings and undertakings relating to the subject matter hereof . 
 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Demolition Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses . 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of C ONTRACTOR 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of ZAMEEN 
 Mr. Amir Khan 
 
 ZEESHAN ALI KHAN 
 CNIC# 35202-4630620-3 
 
 Director , Zameen Platinum (Private) Limited 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSED BY : 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of C ontractor 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Zameen 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 
 LIST OF ANNEXURES 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A Site Description 
 ANNEXURE B Retention of Utility(ies) &amp; Connections 
 ANNEXURE C Security Deposit Cheque 
 ANNEXURE A 
 
 
 Site address: 49 Zafar Ali Road , Gulberg V, Lahore 
 
 
 268605 2752725 0 0 
 
 
 
 Maintain all boundary walls. 
 Maintain Gate. 
 Demolish ALL other buildings, structures, walls and/or foundations. 
 
 
 ANNEXURE B 
 
 
 
 ALL utility and other connections are to be retained and maintained during the course or Term of this Demolition Agreement, and where needed, relocated as per the directions of the Engineer. 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE C 
 
 
 
 
 
 1247775 3371850 0 0