II I I IIIIII IIllIll/ 1111 /Ill I I I 11111111111 II Ill III

E-STAMP
0192-17256902

Agent
Stamp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: CONTRACT - 22A(a)(i)
: Habib Ur Rehman [37203-3893754-7]
: Farhan Shahid [36302-7224706-1]
: Arham Khaliq [32304-5321572-1]
: Habib Ur Rehman [37203-3893754-7]
: 24-May-2022, 09:20:40 AM
: 202294823356BF69

Amount in Words

: One Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

Description
First Party
Second Party

-··-···- - ·- ·- --- - ---------------------------·· ------·---·----------

Please Write Below This l ine

- - - - - - - - - - - - - · - · - ······---·····- ····· - ----- ----- -------

CONDITIONAL SALE OF LAND
AGREEMENT
TI-llS CONDITIONAL SALE O F LAND AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement" is made on
·this ..3 .. Day of

Nov

, 2022 at Muitan.

BE TWEEN

T he Defence Ho using Au thority, Lahore - Multa n C hapter , <.;stablished under DBA Lahore Order 2002,
having its principal office at l Multan Public School Road, Multan, hereinafter referred to as "DIIAM" which
expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authorized

rcpresentati vel executors, sub-

contractors, agents t!u·ough its Proj ect Secretary which constitutes the First P a rty;

AND

M/s ZSS Dcvclop~rs having its principal offi<:c at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alum Road, Gulberg III, Lahor~:
r~gi stcred under the Partnership Act, 1932 having Form-C No. 5 142 dated 19-05-2022 NTN 9603050 hereinafter

rcic rred to a:; the "llUILDER " which expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authori zed

representat ive/executors, sub-contractors, agents through its duly

authorizeJ rcprcscntati~l,~lln:ii'lhan Al i

L::J .... L::J

~ rl',j•• 1•.-"PJ

Bukhuri which constitutes the Second }">~~rty.

l~i~-=~i~

The DHAM and the B UIL DE R shall ind ~vidually be referred to as "PARTY" and shall collecttvd)~ ~e rcfcrrct!
Page I orr,

to as "PARTIES"
WHEREAS, DHAM is an authority engaged in the developm ent of housin g projects and related

schemes aimed at the welfare of Army personnel and fa milies ofshuhadas and is an absolute
and lawful Owner of I Acre of Land bearing Plot No. CD-04 (hereinafter referred to as "Land")
situated at Sector D, DHA Multan, (marked on map attached as Annexure-l) which is free from
all sorts of liens I encumbrances.
WHERAS, DHAM aims and intends for th e sale of Land as per the prov isions of law, specifically

for the purpose of construction, development, marketing and sale of mixed utility commercia l
cum residential plaza as descr ibed in Clau se 9 (I) (herei nafter referred to as "P ROJECT") 1\ND
WHEREAS, the BUILDER represents itself as an entity which deals in the business of construction

and development and has agreed to purchase the Land so lely fo r the purpose of construction and
development of the PROJ ECT. The BUILDER has proposed to construct Mix Uti lity Plaza at
Sector D. fn this regard, the BUILDER has ensured DIIAM that it has all the requis ite sk ills,
expertise, manpower, infrastructure and necessary fi nancial resources to fu lly perform al l the tasks
in accordance with the provis ions of this Agreement in a timely, professional and diligent manner.
AN D
WHEREAS, DHAM has agreed to conditional ly sell and the BUILDER has agreed to

cond itionally purchase the Land owned by DHAM for the specific purpose of utilizing the same
for the construction and development of Mix Util ity Plaza at Sector D includ ing all the faci lities
as described in clause 9 (I ) in accord ance with the terms and conditions spcc iti ed hereu nder in this
Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual promises and agreement of the parties

expressed herein, the PART IES agree to th e conditional sale of designated piece of Land as per
the following term s:
1.

THE PROJECT:

The PROJECT under this Agreement shall mean and include construction, development,
marketing and sale of Mix Utility Commercial and residential Plaza at Sector D by the BUILDER
including all the fac ilities described in clause 9 (I ) in accordance with the terms and conditions
specified in the Agreement on the Land owned by DHAM and to be so ld to BUILDER for the
speci fic purpose of uti lizing the same for the PROJ ECT.
2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT:

DI JA M has agreed to sell and the BU ILDER has agreed to purchase the Land, exclusively owned
by the DHAM, which is free from all encum brances, fo r the so le and exclusive purpose of
construction, development, marketing and sale of the PROJECT.
3.

AREA OF LAND:

Total Area to be sold by DHAM to the BUILDER under this Agreement shall be measuring I Acre
(36,000 Square Feet or 4,000 Square Yards) (the Land) in aggregate comprising of one Plot

P.tl!C :?. of I 3

situated at Sector D, DHA Mu ltan (Plot no. C D-04) ma rked on map attached at Ann exure-!)

4.

CONSIDERATION:
4.1

BUILDER has agreed to purchase the Land at the rate o f R s. 405 ,000,0001- per
Acre wh ich shall be inclusive o f Develo pment Charges.

4.2

At the time of sign in g o f thi s Agreement, the Bui lder has paid to D HAM, an
amount o fRs. 20,250,000 (Rupees twe nty mi llion two hund red and fi fty thousand)
as down payment for the purchase of the Land (" Down Payment") v ide pay order
No. 14396583, dated 27th May 2022, drawn on A ll ied Aitebar Islam ic Bank ing
Bosan R oad Multan a nd pay o rder No. 0 I 050954, dated 30 May 2022, drawn on
JS Bank Limited, in favor of DHAM . A copy of the pay orders for Down Payment
is attached herewith as Annexure lll , receipt w hereof is du ly acknowledged by
DHAM. Total Price I Sale Consideration of the Land at the rates mentioned at
clause 4.1 shall be R s. 405,000,0001- (Fou r Hundred Five M illio n O nl y). If, at
the time of Possess ion of P lot, area o f Plot inc reases or decreases, the fi nal amou nt
sha ll be adjusted accordingly on the bas is of the rate per acre specified in clause
4. 1 before fi na l payment.

4.3

Membershi p fcc o f Rs. 192,5101- and Possess ion C harges o f" Rs. 50,000 has also
been paid by the BU ILD ER to DI lAM vide pay order No. 0 I 050982 dated 4th Jul y
2022, draw n on JS Bank Limited, bra nch G u lberg Lahore-9 123 along with the
D own-payme nt, as per DH A Bye-laws. A copy of the pay order for payments
under this clause is attac hed herewith as Annexure III, receipt w hereof is du ly
acknowledged by DH AM. Map I drawi ng a pproval charges a nd other related
c harges shall be separately a pp licable as per D HA Bye-laws.

5.

PAYMENT SCHEDULE:

The BUILDER shall be under obligation to pay the ba la nce sa le consideration for the Land to
DliAM as pe r the payment schedu le attached at Ann ex ure-B .

6.

TAXATION

The BUILDER s ha ll also be unde r obligation to pay a ll applicab le taxes fo r the purchase of the
said Land including S ta1~p Duty and Adva nce Income T ax under the prov is ions of the Income Tax
Ord inance 200 I and partic ularly under Section 236- K.

7.

TIME PERIOD FOR COMPLETION OF PROJECT :

The Builder shall be under obligation to comp lete the construction of the Project within Four years
(48 Months) from the date of grant of approva ls of Detailed Project Plan by DHAM. In the event,
the BUILD ER is unable to complete construction within the sti pulated time period for any reason
whatsoever, a grace peri od of six (6) mo nths may be granted so lely upon the di scret ion ofDHAM.

i>ag.c 3 of" IS

8.

HANDING OVER POSSESSION OF LAND:

Within seven (7) days of BU ILDER making the down payment as me ntioned in Payment Schedule
(A nnexure-H), DHAM shall issue to the BUILDER the Allocation Letter of the said Land and
simu ltaneously issue Site Plan. On ly after payi ng 20% of the total land price referred to in clause
4.2 with in time period stipulated in Payment Schedule (Annexurc- 11) and approval of Detailed
Project Plan from DHAM as referred to in clause 9 (d) (ii), DHAM shall hand over the vacant
possession of the Land to the BUILDER. The BUILDER shall then be entitled, to install its
machinery, depute workers, p lace construction materials, etc. to start the construction and
development of the Project. The Parties agree that the BU ILDER' s possess ion of the Land shall
be subject to the successful payment of entire Land price as per Payment Schedule (Annexure U)
and completion of the Project as per clause 7, and any wi llful default on the part of BUILDER
shall entitle DHAM to commence proceedings fo r terminati on of this Agreement at its sole
discretion and immediately repossess the Project site .

9.

OBLIGATIONS OF THE BUILDER:

Under this Agreement, the BUILDER sha ll be under absolute obli gati on to fulfil the fol lowing
tasks:

a.

Obligation Regarding Ouality of Material and Conditional Use ofLapd:
i.

The BU ILDER, after taking possession of the Land, sha ll utilize the same solely for
the purpose of construction of the Project w ithout comprom ising on the quality of
materials. DHAM or an y representative o f DHAM w ithout any prior notice shall have
the right to inspect the quality of the material used by the BU ILDER at any time and
B UILDER shall fu lly cooperate in th is regard. If it is found that defective or substandard material is being used by BUILDER, the same shall be intimated to the
BU ILDER through written notice by DHAM and the BUILDER shall be bound to
remedy the same w ith in sixty (60) days. Upon failure of BU ILDER, DHAM shall
have the right to terminate the Agreement.

ii.

b.

The BU ILDER shall not utilize the Land for any other purpose than the PROJECT.

Oblieation of Timely Comvletion of Project
BU ILDER shall be bound to complete the construction of Project w ithin the tim e frame
mentioned under c la use 7, fai ling w hich penalty as mentioned in clause 19 shall be
imposed on the BUILDER.

c.

Obligation of Timely J>ayment:
T he BU ILDE R shall be under obligation to make payments to DHAM strictly as pe r the
payment schedu le (Annexure II) mentioned under c lause 5 of this Agreement, fa iling
which DHAM shal l reserve the right to terminate the Agreement und er the term s of clause
16. 1 (g) below and recover possessio n of the entire Land from the 8 U I LD ER.

d.

Obligations Regarding Construction of J>mjcct
i.

T he BU ILDER shall be under ob ligation to compl ete the construction of Project as

P.u.c -1 pf l::;

per the provisions of this Agreement.
ii

The BUILDER shall submit to DIIJ\M a detailed Project Plan along with complete
drawings, maps and progress schedule within four (4) months from the date of
Issuance of Site Plan by DHAM in the manner as prescribed by the DHAM which
shall be subject to the approval/amendments of DHAM, however, The Builder shall
submit conceptual draft of Master I Project Plan prior to submission of detailed Project
Plan. DHAM shall be under obligation to approve I suggest amendment with in four
(4) weeks from date of such submiss ion by BUILD ER. Only after obtaining approva l
for the detailed Project Plan, the BU ILDER sha ll be at liberty to in itiate the
construction and development of the Project. In case of fai lure of the Builder to submit
the above mentioned detailed Project Plan within four (4) months from the date of
Issuance of Site Plan by DHJ\M, penalty as mentioned in clause 19 shall be imposed
on the BUILD ER. The BUILD ER shall also not create any th ird party right /lien I
encumbrance over the Land I Project except with prior approval of DHAM and in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

iii.

Construction, Designing and Supervision of construction of the Project shall be the
sole responsibility of the BUILDER which shall be in consonance with the DHA
Multan 's prevalent bye-laws, at the time of approva l of Project plan, and other relevant
laws of Pakistan.

iv.

The BUILDER shall be bound to subm it to DHAM detailed progress report regarding
the Project each Month which shall include but shall not be limited to 3D (if any) I
Project plans, details regarding execution of construction works, description of
construction works, labour employment, local material procurement, import material
if any and all other deta ils which DHAM shall demand I require.

v.

The BUILDER shall make its own arrangements at its own cost and expense regarding
supply of water, power and sanitary faci lities at the Project site and the BUILDER
shall be responsible for the supply, maintenance, repair and operation of all the
services at its O\>Vn cost throughout the construction period. However, infrastructure of
all the utilities not limited to electricity, gas, fiber optic cable etc. but exc luding water
shall be provided by DHAM till node point of Land for uti lities connections.

vi

The BUILDER shall proceed with extreme care and caution with the performance of
its obli gations and in case any damage is done to any prope11y of DHAM (whether
moveab le or immovable) or any other person, BUILDER sha ll, upon determination of
the fault, be responsible for any such damage and it shall be borne by BUILDER.
BUILDER shall indemnify DHAM against any direct loss or claim in this regard, as
determined by DHAM .

vii

The BUILDER shall, at its own cost and under its own responsibility, carryout all
di sposal and dumping of spoils, debris etc. in the manner and at the location approved
by DHAM or the relevant competent authori ty having jurisdiction in this regard .

Page :' ur !3

vii. The BU ILDER shall be fully responsible for all safety, precautionary and security

matters including but not limited to any injuries to employees, labourers, personnel,
persons and property, loss of life, damages or such other matters of detriment
happening as a result of execut ion of construction works and matters related thereto,
and the BU ILDER undertakes to indemni fy DHAM aga inst any and all claims in this
regard . Provided that the Builder's ind emnity under this clause shall be limited to the
valu e of this Agreement.
ix.

In order to prov ide for the safety, health and welfare of employees, labourers,
personnel, persons and property, and for prevention of damage and injury of any kind,
all operations fo r the purposes of, or in relation with the Agreement shall be carried
out in compliance with the safety requirements of the Government of Pak istan
including those of local bodies and authorities, if any, having jurisd iction in this
regard, with such modifications thereto as and when authorized.

x.

Quality Contro l and Quality Assurance of all constructi on works und er the Project
shall be the unsharcd responsibil ity of the BU ILDER, notwithstand ing any
supervision and checking by the DHAM or any other authorized representative of
DHAM. A ll construction works carried out by the BUILDER and all material uti lized
by it and incorporated into the construction and development of the Project shall be
fully compliant with the standard specifications and requirements as are mandatory
under the prevalent laws of Pakistan. No comprom ise in the quality of materials shall
be made by the BUl LDER and DHAM shal l be at li berty to inspect I object the
material s utilized by the BUILDER as also referred in clause 9 (a) (i).

xi

During the execution of th is Agreement, the BU ILDER shall fully co-operate with
other parties (inc luding but not limited to contractors, consultants, etc. engaged by
DHAM) working in the vicin ity of the Land. Th e BU ILDER shall ensure that
necessary I adequate safety precautions arc always observed and interferences are
avo ided in general and speci fi cally for the construction works executed side by side
by di fferent contractors. Due consideration must be given to permit access to sections
of the construction works as required by the contractors for executions of their
respective construction works.

xii

The BUILDER shall regularly pay wages to the labour and emp loyees and shall ensure
that conditions of labour is at no ti me less favorable than the standards estab li shed by
the Government of Pakistan or the competent authority having j urisdiction in this
regard fo r the trade or industry where the work is carried out.

xiii. The BU ILDER shall be under ob ligation to em ploy skil led and professional labour for

the performance and execution of th is Agreement.
xiv. The BUILDER shall at its own cost, liability and arrangement obtain necessary land I

space, provide and maintain in confo rm ity with the prevai ling rules and regulations
such housing accommodation and amenities as it may consider necessary for all its

staff and labour, employed for the purposes of or in connection with the Agreement
including but not limited to all fencin g, electricity supp ly, san itation, cook, houses,
fire prevention, water supply and other requirements in connection with such housing
accommodation or amenities.
xv. The BU ILDER s ha11 further ensure that suitable arrangements are made for the
preven tion of epidemics and provi sions of necessary wei fare and hygiene
requirements for all its staff and labour, employed fo r the construction and
development of the Project. BU ILDER shall have the ob li gation to always adhere to
the instructions of the Government of Pakistan or competent authority having
j urisdiction regarding control of epidemics and the same sha11 be implemented at the
Project site ..
xvi The BUILDER sha11 at all times take a ll respo nsibil ities to prevent any unlawful,
riotou s or disorderly conduct by or amongst its and its sub-contractor's staff and
labour and for preservation of peace and protection of persons and property.
).vii,

Working hours sha11 be observed by the BUILDER as sti pulated in the Labour Laws
of Pakistan. However, when deemed necessary to expcd itc the construction works,
overtime, night time or hol iday working may be permitted by the DIIAM upon the
BUILDER's request. The cost of an y such overtime, shall be borne by the BUILDER.

).'Viii, All relevant Labou r Laws shall be fu lly fo 11owed by the BUILDER and enforced by

it among its oth er entities, personnel, agents, sub-contractors, staff etc. as and where
applicable and all requisite registrations req uired under the Jaw sha11 be the sole
responsibility of the BUILDER.
xix. BUILDER sha ll be bound to submit to DHA M copies of a11 provisional allocation
letters issued to end users I buyers (if any) at the time of completion of Project.

c.

Obligation to Take Approvals. Licenses. Permits. etc.
It sha ll be the so le responsibility of the BUILDER to take al l th e necessary and req uisite
approvals, licenses, permits, etc. from the competent authorities required for the purpose
of the construction and developm ent of the Project. /\I I the expenses or fees in this regard
sha11 be borne by the BU ILD ER itself and nothing sha ll be demanded from DHAM.

f.

Obligation Rcga rding Installation of Public Utilities:
It sha11 be the responsibi lity of BUILD ER to apply and install a ll the publ ic utilities
connections including but not lim ited to electricity. water, gas, etc. at the Project site and
to take all approva ls and submit government dues and fees for this purpose. However,
DHAM shal l facil itate the BU ILDER in obtain ing such approva ls by issu ing NOCs and
other requ ired documentation fo r such purposes. However, infrastructure of al l the utilities
not limited to e lectricity, gas, fiber optic cable etc. but excludi ng water shall be provided
by DI-TAM till node point of Land for utilities connections.

Pag.e 7 ot" IS

g.

Obligation Re2'arding Maintenance of the Building
BUILDER shall be under obligation to follow and comply with all the prevalent ByeLaws ofDHA Multan for the purpose of maintenance ofthe Building.

h.

Right and Obligation to do Marketing and Sale
It shall be the sole right and responsibi lity of the BUILDER to do all marketing and sale
of the Project I Building Units from its own resources. Notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement, the BU ILDER is permitted to commence marketing of the
Project immediately upon payment of the 5% of the total Land price (as per Annexure II) .
Bookings I Sale of the Project I Building Units shall commence as per C lause 9 (k). The
BUILDER may choose any means fo r the effective marketing but under no circumstances
the BU ILDE R shall be a llowed to use the name and logo ofDI IJ\M except for the purpose
of referring to location of the Project. Al l the marketing material including but not limited
to bill boards, sign boards, pamphlets, posters, newspaper ads, etc. shall be approved by
DHAM prior to release (DHAM shall not, in any case, w ithhold approval for more than
five (5) working days after which it wi ll be deemed to be approved) and the BUILD ER
shall be bound that no reference to DHAM shall be made in the marketing mate rial except
for allowed purposes referred above. It has furth er been agreed between the Parties that
Sale of the Bu ilding Un its or any other excuse s hall not in any case be a condition for
c learing the payment of DHAM. In all eventual ities, the Builder shall be liable to make
entire payment to DI !AM as per the payment Schedu le attached as Annexure II.

i.

Obligation Regarding Planning I Construction:
i

DHAM Bye-Laws shall be strictl y fo llowed 111 a ll respects during des ig n and
construction of the Project.

JL

Minimum I x Emergency Exit shall be provided. Emergency fire exits of noncombustible material shall be provided. Complete civ il drawings for Fire Safety
Precautio ns shall be required to be submitted for approval o f DI-IAM prior to
construction.

iii

iv.

j.

Parking space shall be provided as follows :
a)

One ( I) parking space per one thousand ( 1000) Square f-eet of sellable residential area

b)

One (I) parking space per eight hundred (800) Square f-eet of sellab le commercial area

The Project w ill have faciliti es including but not limited to the followin g:
a)

Commercial Shops

b)

Food CoUI1

c)

Offices

d)

Res idential Apartments

Registration of Bookings I Sales I Cancellation I Transfer:

For all the units to be constructed I developed as part o f the Project, the Builder shall be liable to
get reg istered with DIIAM each a nd every case as described hc low :
Booking of Unit in the Projec t

Cancellation of a ny Booking

Sale of Unit in the Project
T rans fer of an y Unit in the Project
A ll the above cases shall be referred by the Builder to DHAM along w ith its NOC as per ByeLaws of DHAM so that it is adequatel y recorded by DHAM.
DHAM shall reg ister the Booking, Sale, Cancellatio n and T ransfer after receiving NOC from
Builder, Transfer fee and applicable taxes and shall issue relevant letter(s) in the name of
respective buyers I end users. DHA Multan 's applicable membership fee shall be paid to it by the
buyers I end users in all cases. Further, DH AM shall have the right that any of its representative
shall visit, on monthly basis, the booking office o f the Bui ld er for the purpose of inspectio n of
booking registers and shall be entitled to gather all the details pe1tain ing to the entries of bookings

I sale made during that month by the Bu ilder. Bu ilder shall be bound to fully cooperate with the
representative of DHAM in this regard and Bui lder shall be bound to prov ide all the documents in
th is regard .
k.

Restriction on Sales of Building Units before App.-oval of Detailed Project Plan and

Pavment of20% Consideration:
It is unequivocally agreed between the Parties that the Builde r shall not commence sales of units
(to be constructed by the Bui lder) before approval of detai led Proj ect Pla n I drawings by DHAM
and payment of at least 20% of total consideration as per C lause 4.2.
I.

Liability towards E nd Users I Buyers;

It shall be the abso lute liabil ity of the BU ILDER to complete the construction wo rk and deli ver
the units in the Proj ect to the end users I buyers within the agreed timelines as per the agreements
in order to ensure the protection of rights o f the end users I bu yers and the BUILDER shall remain
unequ ivocally responsible for a ny default on this mate rial ob ligation.

10.

OBLIGATIONS OF DHAM:
a)

DHAM shall deli ver the possession of the Land to the BUILDE R 1n accordance w ith
provisions of this Agreement.

b)

DHAM shall provide complete assistance to the BUILD ER for the time ly completion of
Project under thi s Agreement (as far as practicable as se ll er of the Land and relevant
competent authorities for granting various approvals) and shall no t cause undue interfere nce
in the construction and develo pment works at the Project s ite carr ied out by the BUILDER.

c)

DHAM shall provide uninterrupted access to the BU ILDER, its sub-contractor(s), labour,
employees, staff, machinery and vehicles etc. at the Proj ect site for the pe rformance of their
obligations with respect to the construction, development and marketing of the Project under
th is Agree me nt.

ll.

RESTRICTION ON SALE OF CONSTRUCTED UNITS BY THE BUILDER
It is unequivocally agreed between the Parties that the BU ILD ER shall at a ll ti mes during the

subs istence of the Agreement, be restrai ned from selling 5% of units in the Proj ect co nstructed by
the BU ILDER till the completion of the Project including the payment of entire Land price,
penalties, surcharges and completion of construction work, w hich shall be held by DHAM as
sec urity I lien for the completion of the Project and/or the payment of all dues. It is clarified that

Pa.::tc ') of I ::!

these 5% units shall be earmarked by DHAM at the time of approval of Detai led Project Plan and
the same shall not be so ld by the BUILDER till the completion of the Project and payment of total
price of Land .

12.

ISSUANCE OF ALLOTMENT LETTER
After the entire payment of total price of Land (as per Annexure II) by the BU ILDER to DHAM
along with the penalties, if any, and the relevant fees applicable under DHAM's Bye-Laws,
DHAM shall issue Allotment Letter pertaining to the Land in the name of the BUILDER. After
completion of the Project, any subsequent sale or part thereof shall be executed accord ing to the
Bye-Laws of DHAM. It is hereby clarified that this clause does not curta il BUILDER's right to
market and I or prov isionall y sell all or part of the constructed units of the Project, subject to clause
II hereof.

13.

ISSUANCE OF TRANSFER LETTER TO END USERS ON SALES
After full payment of Land Price and completion of the Proj ect, Al lotment letters in the name of
owners of sub-d iv id ed units (if any) shall be issued by Dl lAM as per the list prov ided by the
BUILDER along with the NOCs issued by it. In all cases of subsequen t sale of the units, all the
transfers shall be executed in and registered by Dl lAM subject to issuance of NOC by the
BUILDER and rece ipt of applicable transfer charges under DIIAM Bye-Laws and after payment
of applicable taxes and duties. For the avoidance of doubt, the transfer charges and applicab le
taxes under this clause shall be paid by the subsequent purchaser of the unit.

14.

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS BY THE BUILDER
a)

The B UILDER is a legal entity duly organi zed, vali d ly ex isting and in good standing under
the laws of Pakistan. The BUILDER shall keep in fu ll force and effect its legal ex istence and
all licenses and franchises necessary for the conduct of its business.

b)

The execution, delivery and performance by the BUILDER under th is Agreement is within
the authority of the BUILDER, and it has been authorized by all necessary proceedings and
do not and wi ll not contravene any provision of law.

c)

Upon execution and deli very by the BUILDER, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding
ob ligation of the BUILDER, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

d)

There are no judgments passed again st I outstanding aga inst the BUILDER or petitions, suits,
claims, causes of actions or moratoria or any other proceedings pending or threatened against
BUILDER before any court or other governmental, adm inistrative, regu latory, adjudicatory,
or arbitrational body of any kind, which if decided adversely to the BU ILDER would
adversely affect the BUILDER's ability to perform the obligat ions of this Agreement.

e)

The BUILDER undertakes that it shall utilize the Land only for the specific purpose i.e.,
construction, development, marketing and sales of the Project.

15.

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS BY DHAM
a)

DI-I AM is the so le and exclusive owner of the Land ...vhich ha ve dear title and have full rights,
powers and lawful authority to transfer, sell and convey all its rights, ti tles and interest in the
Land to the BUILDER. DHAM unde11akcs, represents and warrants that the Land is free and

clear from all disputes, claims, Iiens, mortgages, charges, burdens and encumbrances
whatsoever. 01-IAM fu rther warrants and represents that it has not done or caused or suffered
to be done any act, deed matter or thing whereby its right to transfer, sell and convey all its
rights, title and interests in the Land may be impaired or im peached and OHAM is fu lly entitle
to enter into this Agreement of conditional sale of the Land .
b)

DHAM is an authority duly fo rmed, validly ex isting and in good standing under the laws of
Pakistan. DHAM will keep in fu ll force and effect throughout the duration of th is Agreement
its lega l ex istence.

c)

The execution, delivery and performance by DHAM of this Agreement is within the authority
of DHAM, has been authorized by all necessary proceedings and do not and will not
contravene any provision of law.

d)

Upon execution and delivery of the Agreement by DH AM, this Agreement wil l be a valid and
binding obligation of DH AM, enforceab le against DI-IAM in accordance with its terms

16.

TERMINATION

16. 1

DI-I AM shall be entitled to terminate the Agreement, if the BU ILDER:
a)

Utilizes the Land fo r any purpose other than construction, deve lopment, marketing and
sale of the Proj ect;

b)

Fa ils to make down payment at the time of execution or this Agreement;

c)

If no constructi on has been initiated on Land allocated under C lause 3 within one ( I) year
from the date of hand ing over possession of the Land to the BUILDER, DI-IAM shall have
right to cancel the allocation of said Land, unless such construction is delayed due to
DHA M not having granted approval of Detailed Project Plan or any other delay caused by
action and inaction of DHAM ;

d)

Aband ons the construction work, other than for reasons outside the con trol of the Bui lder,
for a period exceeding 90 days or otherwise pla inly demonstrates the intention not to
continue performance of its obligations und er the Agreement, unless it is a direct resu lt
DHAM 's non-fulfil lment of its obligation(s) under this Agreement;

e)

Becomes bankrupt or insolvent, goes into liq uidation, has a receiving or adm inistration
order made against it, compounds with its creditors, or carries on business under a receiver,
trustee or manager for the benefit of its creditors, or if any act is done or event occurs which
(under applicable laws) has a sim ilar effect to any of these acts or events;

t)

If during the performance of Agreement, it comes to the knowledge of DHAM that substandard material is being used by the BUILDER for the construction of the Project and
the BU ILDER fa iled to remedy the concerns raised by DI-IAM under Clause 9 (a) (i), or

g)

In any circ umstances, if the BU ILDE R fa ils to pay any two full instalments as per the
Payment Schedule (attached at Anncxurc-11).

162

In any of the events or circumstances mentioned in Clause 16. 1 from (a) to (f) above, the DHAM
shall be entitled to serve two notices (quarter apart) to the BU ILDER to remedy the defau lt in case
of curable defaul t or to Term inate the Agreement fo rthwith by serving Termination

oticc to the

BUILDER in case of incurable defect. In case no remed ial action is taken after the lapse of above
referred two notices (i.e. six month s from the first notice), DHAM shall be entitled to terminate
this Agreement. The decision whether the default is curable or incurable solely rests with DI-IAM.
In case of Clause 16.1 (g) above, DHAM shall be entitl ed to terminate the agreement fo rthwith
after giving notice to remedy the default within 15 days of such notice.
16.3

DHAM's election to terminate the Agreement shall not prejudice any other rights of the DHAM,
under the Agreement or otherwise.

17.

CONSEQUNECES OF TERMINATION

17.1

After issuance of term ination notice:
a)

Cond itional sale of Land und er this Agreement shall be cancelled and all payments paid by
the BUILDER to DHAM shall be forfeited.

b)

Builder shall be liab le to pay cost to be incurred to remove the structure on plot mentioned
in clause I and penalties lev ied if any.

c)

Possession of the Land or of any structure constructed thereupon shal l be taken over by
DHAM by ex pelling the BU ILDER.

18.

DISPUTES RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION

18. 1

Where notice of dispute or dissatisfaction has been given by one party to the other party, both
Parties shall attempt to settle the di spute amicably before the commencement of Arbitration.
However, unless both Parties agree otherwise, Arbitration may be commenced on or after the lapse
of 60 days' period of such notice of dissatisfaction.

18.2

Unless settled am icably, any dispute which remains unsettled, the same shall be referred to a
retired Judge of any of the High Courts of Pakistan being the Sole Arb itrator who shall conduct
the proceedings as per the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the dec ision of so le Arbi trator shall be final
and binding on both the Parties.

18.3

The place of Arbitration under this Agreement shal l be Multan and the language of Arbi tration
shall be Eng li sh.

19.

PENAL TIES:

19. I

It has been agreed between the Parties that:
a

In the event the BUILDER fails to submit detailed Project Plan under Clause 9 (d) (i i) of this
Agreement, BUILDER shall be liable to pay penalty@ Rs.l 00,000/- (One Hundred Thousand
rupees only) per day if such default shall not be cured within 10 days from the due date of the
respective submi ssion date. The penalty shall be subject to maximum cap of Rs. 2,000,000
(Two Mill ion Rupees).

b.

Upon failure of the BUILDER to pay the instalment on the due date as per the Payment
Schedule, due to any reason wholly attributable to the BU ILDER, the BU ILDER shal l be liable
to pay penalty @ 16% per annum on the defaulted amount fo r each day of delay on each event
of default of payment of installment in full.

c. In the event the BUILDER fai ls to complete the construction o f the Project withi n the
stipulated time mentioned in c la use 7 o f thi s Agreeme nt and th e reason of such unreasonable
delay is w ho lly attributa ble to the BUILD ER, then for eac h q uarter of default, the BU ILDER
shall be liab le to pay penalty @ 1.00% o f the p lot value as m e ntioned in clause 4 .2 till the
completion of construction. The penalty under th is sub-cla use shall not exceed 8% of the val ue
of Land as mentioned in C lause 4.2 .

20.

MISCELLENOUS
a. Notices:
All Notices or communications shall be in w riting and shall be sent by personal delivery;
nationa lly recognized overnight courier; or cert ified ma il , return receipt requested or via e-mai l
with a w ritten confirmation from rec ipie nt o f the rece ipt o f such Not ice. A ll Notices shall be
deemed to be g iven on the date actually received. Either party ma y change its add ress by givi ng
Notice o f change of address to othe r party.

b. Severability:
If an arbitrator o r court of compete nt juri sd iction hold s a ny po rtion of any prov ision of th is
Agreeme nt invalid o r unen fo rceab le, suc h holding sha ll not affect the rema inder prov is io ns of
this Agreement a nd all other associated docume nts o f this Agreem ent, and the remai nder of the
clauses o f thi s Agreement shall rema in in fu ll force or e ffect.

c. Assignment:
BU ILDER sha ll not ass ign its complete obligations under this Agreement to a ny o ne, howeve r,
through prior w ritten intimation to DHAM, BU ILDER may be allowed assign any part of its
obligations to sub-co ntractors. In a ll respects the responsibi lities under the Agree ment shall at
al l times vest in the BUILDER without an y delegation o f the same. I lowever, DHAM may
assig n its interest hereunder.

d. Binding E ffect:
T his Agreement sha ll be bindi ng upon the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, personal and
legal represe ntatives, successors, and assigns. Each Party represe nts a nd warrants that this
Agreement is the legal, valid and bind ing obligation o f that party, e nforceable against that party
in accordance w ith its terms a nd cond itions .

c. Governing Law:
Th is Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Is lamic
Republic o f Pakistan.

1: Amendment:
Acceptance o f th is Agree ment sha ll be dee med to constitute an Agreeme nt on BUILDER 's part
to the cond itio ns hereo f a nd supersedes all previo us unde rstanding between the Pa rties.
Acceptance o f th is Agreeme nt is expressly limited to the te rms herein. Any additional or
different terms pro posed in an acceptance are dee med rej ected unless consented to in writing
by both Parties to such add itional or d ifferent terms . No amendment or modi fication of th is

Page 1 .~ ,,r I X

Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing signed by both the Pa rties. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Additions and Deletions Report attached to this Agreement shall be part of
this Agreement.

g. Counterparts:
T his Agreement may be executed in one or more co unterparts, each of wh ich may be deemed
to be an original, but all of which shall constitute but one and the same document.

h. Essence of Time:
Time is of the essence in the performa nce of all the construc tion works mentioned in th is
Agreement and other ob ligations stated he rein.
i. Entire Contract:

The parties agree that this Agreement sets forth their entire understand ing between the Parties
and there are no promises or understandings other than those stated herein.

j. Limitation of Liability:
No individua l or corporate general partner of DIIAM, nor any officer, director, emp loyee or
other agent of DHAM shall have any personal Iiabi Iity in connection wi th this Agreement.

k. Force Majeure:
Neither party will be liable for fa ilure or delay to perform o bl igations under this Agreement,
wh ich have become practicab ly impossibl e because of circumstances beyond the reasonable
contro l of the applicable party. Such c ircumstances include w ithou t limi tatio n natural d isasters
or acts of God ; acts of terrorism; war; governme nt acts, ord ers and notifications; outbreak of
epidemics, pandemics; national or regional emergencies; o r any other cause, whether sim ilar in
k ind to the fo regoi ng or otherwise, beyond the party's reasonable control. If the period of
suspension extends for more than 3 months, on ly then it wou ld be construed as force majeure
period. If the period extends for over 2 months, the parties may mutual ly decide upon the future
cou rse of action including term ination of the Agreemen t. Either party shall prov ide the other
party w ith prompt written notice of any delay or fai lu re to perform its obligations under the
Agreement that occurs by reason of force majeure. However, the period of Force Majeure shall
not, by any mean be construed to extend or increase the te rm of this Agreement.
I. Waiver:

No waiver by e ithe r party of any breach of any of t he covenants o r conditions here in contained,
performed by the other party shall be co nstrued as a wa iver of any suc<.:ced ing breach of the
same or of any other covenant o r cond ition.

21.

IN W IT ESS WH EREOF the Parties hereto have executed th is contract the day, month and year
first above.

For and on behalf of
Defence

Housing

For a nd on beha lf of
A utho ri ty Lahore

- Multan

Chapter

Namef.LI-fa bib
Des ig nation :

llr Re.qmgo

~-toje4.._.$_Q.Creio:r(f

CN IC: _{3]_~oo-3 &q 3754 -]

Will: css:

M Trumv1 Aroan K~n
fitlc : _AM_~~J)

· Name :

/CN ~~~~-0( -~;tl 2-$ I$ -I

amc:~~ ''" s~~
itle : S~e.>.. ,2. Ma.x~~

r

CN IC : _3 b3od- - \ o ~S ~ -..\.

-··- - ·- - -

··--1.--.- --·-

- -- - ------

I

- - - -- - --- - -- -

Project Direct or
Bri g, Mu.h amm ad Shoeb Anwar Kaya ni
Defenc e Housing Auth ority La hore - Multan Chapter

\.

Annexure-! (MAP)

Annexure-IT (Payment Schedule)

SER

DESCRIPTION

%

RS.

1

5% upon Signing of Agreement- Down payment

5%

I 20,250,000

2

15% within 6 months from date of Signing -

60,750,000

Second Payment
1st Installment- After 6 Months of second

3

15%

down-payment

13.33%

54,000,000

4

2nd Installment - After 6 Months of 1st Installment

13.33%

54,000,000

5

3rd Installment- After 6 Months of 2nd Installment

13.33%

54,000,000

6

4th Installment - After 6 Months of 3rd Installment

13.33%

54,000,000

7

5th Installment - After 6 Months of 4th Installment

13.33%

54,000,000

8

6th Installment- After 3 Months of 5th Installment

13.33%

54,000,000

100%

405,000,000

TOTAL

Anncxut·c-lll
(COPIE S OF PAY ORDERS)

PagciX\ll!~