Memorandum of Understanding 
 
 This memorandum of understanding ( “MoU” ) is made at _________ December, 2020 on Lahore 
 
 B Y &amp; B ETWEEN 
 Bank Alfalah a banking company incorporated under the laws of Islamic Republic of Pakistan, having its registered office at B.A. Building, I.I. Chundrigarh Road, Karachi hereinafter referred to as the ‘’BANK’’ through its authorized attorney , of the ONE PART; 
 
 AND 
 
 Zameen Media (Private) Limited, trading as zameen.com, a company established under the laws of Pakistan , having its head office / registered office at 3 rd Floor, Pearl One, 94-B/I, M . M . Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore hereinafter referred to as “ Zameen .com ” through its authorized representative , of the SECOND PART; 
 ( Each a “ Party ” and collectively “ Parties ” ) 
 WHEREAS 
 The Bank is a banking company providing banking services to customers in Pakistan under relevant laws and regulation including SBP Prudential regulations ; 
 
 Zameen.com is the first and largest property portal in Pakistan and is among the top five property portals in the world. It was founded in 2006 and has since revolutionized the real estate industry of Pakistan by connecting buyers and sellers online in a highly convenient way, making it a household name among Pakistanis around the world ; and 
 
 The Parties intend to enter into a business transaction whereby each Party may refer applicants to the other Party for the provision of certain financial and real estate related services, as the case may be . 
 
 N OW , THEREFORE , in consideration of mutual understanding between the parties , this MoU witnesses as follows: 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 The Bank agrees to provide h ousing f inance f acility to the eligible applicants referred by Zameen .com , at its sole discretion, under the terms and conditions as per bank’s policy and prevailing SBP regulations &amp; directives issued from time to time. 
 
 The Bank reserves the right to approve or reject any case(s) /applications in light of its prevailing credit policies, subject to fulfillment of eligibility criteria and necessary verifications/approval. 
 
 Zameen .com agrees to provide one - window property search services to the eligible applicants referred by the bank , in accordance with Zameen.com’s policy (ies) as updated from time to time and applicable laws . The bank shall refer the applicants to approach Zamee n .com for selection of property. 
 
 Zameen .com agrees to market / disseminate the Bank’s Housing Finance product information / offerings to the members / allottees of its own projects in such manner and form as mutually agreed between the Parties in a final definitive agreement executed by and between the Parties . 
 
 Zameen.com agrees to share Housing Finance leads with the Bank and offer support , to the extent reasonable, in the finance application processing and its conversion into disbursement of facility. 
 
 Zameen .com agrees to facilitate the applicants in arranging property documents for creation of mortgage on the property in accordance with Bank’s Policy . 
 
 Zameen .com agrees to provide training to the Bank’s relevant staff for better understanding of real estate market, its services in real estate market and related documentation , subject to confidentiality obligations and Zameen.com’s policies . 
 
 The Bank agrees to provide training to the staff of Zameen .com on Housing Finance Facility for end user financing. 
 
 Zameen.com agrees to facilitate non-resident Pakistani ( NRPs ) / expatriate’s applicants on Housing Finance F acility of the Bank. The Bank and Zameen.com shall explore opportunity of Housing Finance for NRPs utilizing Zameen.com platform. 
 
 Zameen.com agrees to activate its potential real estate agents / dealers to generate Home Finance leads in accordance with Zameen.com’s policies as amended from time to time . 
 The Bank agrees to provide e xclusive Consumer Finance products offer for Zameen.com ’s employees . 
 
 Zameen.com agrees to market the Bank’s consumer finance products including Housing Finance on its website, Mobile A pp or other digital media , in accordance with Zameen.com’s terms of use on the website, and other applicable company policies and the laws of Pakistan . 
 
 Developer / Corporate Finance 
 The Bank agrees to provide developer /project Finance facility to present and upcoming projects of Zameen.com and their associated / allied developer (s) , at its sole discretion, under the terms and conditions as per bank’s policy and prevailing SBP regulations &amp; directives issued from time to time. 
 
 The Bank and Zameen.com shall mutually structure d eveloper f inance arrangements and modus operandi for listed projects .   
 
 Digital Payment Solutions 
 The Bank agrees to provide payment gateway solution to Zameen.com subject to meeting internal policies and SBP regulations/guidelines.  
 
 Roshan Digital Account 
 
 Zamee n .com agrees to provide free of cost consultancy to interested Roshan Digital Account holders of the Bank in accordance with the terms and conditions of the final definitive agreement executed by and between the Parties . 
 
 Amendments 
 
 Terms &amp; conditions of this MoU can be amended only , in writing, with express consent of the parties and shall be executed by both the P arties. 
 Termination 
 
 The Parties acknowledge that a business transaction of the nature envisaged in this MoU involves terms and conditions that shall be agreed upon at a subsequent stage and, as such, this MoU shall be non-binding and subject to final definitive agreements that the Parties may execute in the future in accordance with the understanding hereof. 
 
 The Parties will be free to exit the MoU through serving one month notice upon other Party . 
 
 Confidentiality 
 
 The contents of this MOU and the i nformation exchanged under this MoU shall be treated as confidential and in case of termination of MoU , each Party shall promptly return to the other Party , excluding documents pertaining to finance facility provided by the Bank, all data, schedules, documents, instruments, work papers and other written information without retaining copies thereof , except as required to be retained under any law, regulation or court order . 
 
 Waiver 
 
 No waiver by a Party of any default by any other Party in their performance of any of the provisions of this MOU shall be effective unless it is made in writing and duly executed by the concerned Party. 
 
 Relationship Between the Parties 
 
 The relationship between the Parties is one of independent entities and nothing contained in the MOU shall be construed as constituting or establishing any partnership or joint venture or relationship of principal and agent between the Parties. 
 
 Intellectual Property Rights 
 
 Neither Party shall use the intellectual property, including trademarks, logo, trade names, emblems, copyright, and other connected rights of the other Party, its subsidiaries, and/or affiliates or any abbreviation thereof, in connection with its business or otherwise, without the express prior written approval of the other Party in each case. Nothing herein shall constitute a transfer of intellectual property between the Parties 
 Warranties a nd Representations 
 Both Parties warrant to each other that they have duly obtained all necessary consents and regulatory approvals from their respective competent authorities to enter into this MOU. 
 
 Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that neither the execution of this MOU, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, will violate or conflict with: (a) its constitutional documentation; (b) any material provision of any agreement or any other material restriction of any kind to which it is a Party or by which it is bound; (c) any material statute, law, decree, regulation or order of any governmental authority. 
 G overning Law 
 This MOU shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Islamic Republic of Pakistan 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE SET THEIR HANDS TO THIS MOU ON THE DAY AND THE YEAR FIRST ABOVE MENTIONED. 
 
 
 ___________________________ ____________________________ 
 (Signatures) (Signatures) 
 (Party at One Part) ( Party at Second Part) 
 
 
 Witnesses: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name: 
 
 Date: 
 
 Name: 
 
 Date: