~

1.

-

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN

ZAMEEN AXIS (PRIVATE) LIMITE D

AND

EARTHLINK DEVELOPMENTS LLP

THIS JOfNT VE TURE AGR EEME T (the "AgreemenC) is entered into at Islamabad on this
28111 day of December, 2020 by and between:

ZAMEEN AXIS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated and
existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/ 1, Pearl
One, M.M. A lam Road, G ulberg III , Lahore, acting through its authorized
representati ve Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as "Zameen" which
expression shall, where the context so perm its. be deemed to mean and includes its
successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns);
AND
EARTHLINK DEVELOPMENTS LLP, a firm incorporated and existing under
the laws of Pakistan and having its reg istered office at First Floor, Plaza No. 37.
Ascon Heights, C ivic Centre, Phase IV, Bahria Town, Islamabad, acting through
its authorized representative Muhammad Mubusher Hayat (hereinafter referred
to as "Earthlink" which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed
to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns).
(Zameen and Earthlink shall here inafter also be referred to individuall y as a " Party" and
collectively as the " Parties").

------- LINK
EARTH

DEVELOPMENTS LLP

,.ffls T1E;D\
ISII~~?rn MAU K.TtA.N1

Not:a.~ PubU""'
!
c)(:A"n: tilGI I _:"OUIU !.~

-

-

-

L

....

- ···-·

.

.

·.: .

":.{- ~ ..:

.

.. ..,'• ....' f ·...~~ .. : :;.....'
,:·

.
L

;

.I

.•

•

~

.

:

~:~~

·..
..··· :

~

..
)

:'

.

.

I '

. .

. ".} ·'.. ...... .
.

'

~

..

-~

WHEREAS:
(A)

Each of Zameen and Earthlink are independently engaged in real estate
development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects.

(B)

The Parties desire and agree to undertake a mutually beneficial project in the named
and styled as mutually agreed between the Parties on the Proj ect Land located at
Plot No. 95-E situated in Bahria Paradise Commercial Area, Bahria Town Phase 6,
G.T. Road, Bahria Town, Islamabad (the '·Project Land'").

(C)

In order to undertake the Project on the Proj ect Land, the Parties have agreed that
they will undertake, manage, market and sell the Project as a joint venture under
the laws of Pakistan and to, inter alia, share the profits thereof in terms of this
Agreement.

(D)

T he Parties acknowledge givi ng the covenants in this Agreement in consideration
for the other Party entering into this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the fo regoi ng understandings and the mutual
covenants hereinafter set fo rth, the Parties agree as fo llows:

l.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1

Definitions
"Agreement" means thi s Agreement concluded between the Parties inc luding all
Annex ures, and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as
well as any supplementary agreement.
"Buy-Out Procedure" shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause
6.3.
"Buyer(s)" means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale Instruments in the Project.
"Buyers' Deposits" means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on
account of sale of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale
Instruments.
"Commercial Launch" means with respect to the Proj ect the time w hen the
Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture fo r sale to the public.
"Complex" means the mixed-use bui lding consisting of the Units as reflected in
the Proj ect Master Plan.
"Consultation Period" shall have the meaning given to it under C lause 12.3.
"Construction" means the technical supervision, civi l eng ineering and
construction supervision, supervision of the design stage, quality contro ls,
implementation of the Project and management services, which includes without
limitation the entire Project management, detailed supervision of the Works and
coordination between consultants and Contractors, to achieve complete
construction and development of the Proj ect in accordance with the Project Master
Plan and the Schedule of Wo rks.

~

J_Construction Contract" shall mean the construction contract to

~0~,~tween the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor.

tt....~~~;~~-<.,S\.:

~r '-P~
~~~~

-z~

··construction Contractor'" means the contractor appointed by the .Joint Venture

in accordance with the Criteria for Selection to construct and develop the Project,
which shall be a reputable local or international tirm(s).
··Criteria for· Selection'· means the sched ule containing the criteria and parameters

to be developed by the Project Management Committee fo r selection of the
Construction Contractor.
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours

Paki stan time, unless specitied herein as starting ti·om a diffe rent hour.
"Default Notice" means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to

Clause 12.
"Effective Date" means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parti es.
"Encumbrance" means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge. mortgage. charge.

hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by
whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention
arrangements.
··Fair Market Value·' means the value of the Project, .Joint Venture or Project

Land, as applicable, to be determined by an Independent Val uer.
"Feasibility Repor·f' means the report detailing the projected or estimated costs,

returns, revenue and prol·i ts of the Project prepared, agreed and duly signed by the
Parties at the time of submi ssion of final drawings to the relevant Government
Authorit y(ies) which shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement.
"Events of Default" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12.1.
"Government Authority(ies)" means the Government of Paki stan and/or any

mini stry, department or political subdivision thereof includ ing but not limited to
local and municipal authorities such as the Capital Development Authority . Bahria
Town (Private) Limited or any person exercising executive, legislative. regulatory
or administrative functions on behalf of" the forego ing including. without lim itation
those persons, otlices and/or entities responsible for the regulation, certification
and approval of building and bui lding services design and construction, roads,
trafti c. electricity and water transmission and distribution, telecommunications,
wastewater and sewage, and all environmental, archaeological and historicaL
touri sm and public health matters.
·'Jnitial Construction'· means the construction of the site office and excavation of

Project Land.
·'Initial Portion of Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in

Clause 4.1.7 (a).

"Initial Contribution" means the funds agreed to be contributed, initially to the
Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in C lause 3 .1.
"Irreconcilable Deadlock" means the inability of the Parties to agree concerning
any Majo r Decision and the continuance of such disagreement after ten ( I 0)
consecutive days of Senior Officers attempting to resolve the same in good faith.
"Joint Venture" means the joint venture establ ished between Zameen and
Earth link fo r the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms hereof.
"Landowner" means Bahria Town (Private) Limited.
"Laws of Pakistan" means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision,
statute, statutory instrument, o rder, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent,
by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law
within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or g iven effect in any manner by any
Government Authority.
"Major Decisions" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 6.1.
"Marketing Agreement" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 8.1. 1
'·Master Account" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under C lause 9.2.
"Members" means the members of the Project Management Committee from time
to time and "Member" means any one of them.
"Month" means a calendar month acco rding to the Gregorian calendar.
'·Net Profit" means the sum remaining after all expenses of the Joint Venture and
the Project are deducted from the Tota l Sales Revenue.
"Notice of Termination" means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued
in accordance with C lause 12.8.
"Outstanding Project Land Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it under
C lause 4. 1.7 (b).
"Pakistan" means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
··Profit Sharing Formula" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in C lause 3.2.
"Project" means, in accordance with this Agreement, the design, engineering,
development, construction, installation, equipping, completion, testing,
c struction and maintenance of the Complex its marketing and sales and all
activities materially incidental thereto.

~

"Project Approvals" means any no objection or similar certificate for transfer of
title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorizations related to
planning and construction of the Complex, MEP, drainage, sewage and structura l
drawings, required from any Government Authority(ies), including but not limited
to the Bahria Town (Private) Limited and Capital Development Authority, with
respect to the Project.

~ \~\(Project Approvals Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in C lause 4 .2(e).
1t'1~'-:,s \..\..~

~~C\..Q~l')\t.~
Qt.'l ...

"Project Commencement Date" means the date of recei pt of Project A pprovals,
or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties.
"Project Completion" means w hen the Proj ect is full y completed as per the
Proj ect Master Plan and, except as othe rwise mutually agreed between the Part ies,
all the Units have been sold and Buyers' Deposits have been received in their
entirety.
"Project Land" means the land measuring 4. 78 Kana ls located at Plot No 95-E
situated in Ba hria Paradise commercial, Bahria Town Phase 6, on G.T. Road,
Rawalpindi, as identified in Annexure A.
"Project Land Cost" means the consideration fo r the Proj ect Land to be paid to
the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms envisaged in this Agreement and in
accordance with C lause 4 .1.
·'Project Land Transfer Cost" shall have the meaning ascribed to in C lause 4. 1.5.
'·Project Management Committee"' means the committee formed pursuant to
C lause 5 of this Agreeme nt fo r the overall management ofthe Proj ect.
"Project Master Plan" means the overall plan for the execution of the Project,
including design codes and regulations and proj ect schedule.
"Sale Instruments" means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be
executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, inc lud ing
any contracts through w hich the Units w ill be agreed to be sold, sold and ulti mately
transferred/conveyed to the Buyers.
"Sale Proceeds" means the cash proceeds rea lized from the sale of the Units. For
the avoidance of doubt, sales proceeds shall inc lude the cashflows generated
through new sales each Month as well as instalments received each Month with
respect to sales in Months prior to the Effective Date.
"Schedule of Works" means the time frames set out fo r the completion of the
Proj ect, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from ti me to time.
"Senior Officers" means (a) Mr. Muhammad Mubusher Hayat for Earthl ink, and
(b) M r. Zeeshan Ali Khan fo r Zameen.
"Term" means the period commencing on the Effecti ve Date and, un less this
Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Proj ect Completion
or as otherwise mutua lly agreed in writing between the Parties.
"T I Sales Revenue" means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale
·oceeds.
"Unit(s)" means the residentia l and commercia l units inc luding shops and
apartments in the Complex.
"Works" means all works and services required fo r the completion of the Com plex.
1.2

Interpretation
ln this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears:
A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement;

(b)

A reference to a C lause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a C lause or
an Annexure to this Agreement;

(c)

A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any
amendment or replacement of either of them ;

(d)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations
and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, reenactment' s or replacements of any of them;

(e)

The singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(f)

the word " person" includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated
association or an authority;

(g)

a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors,
nominees and assigns;

(h)

if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act
or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day ;

(i)

a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing
at midnight and ending 24 hours later;

U)

a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month;

(k)

if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day
other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public
Holiday) on w hich banks are open for general banking business in Lahore,
Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day;

(I)

reference to ' w ri tten' or 'writing' means any hand-wri tten, typewritten, or
printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimi le transmission .

2.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

2.1

The Parties agree and understand that the Proj ect will be undertaken by the Parties
as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement. T he sole purpose and business of the
Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Proj ect Land.

2.2

During the pendency of this Agreement, neither Party shall utilize or
permit/facilitate the utilization of the Proj ect Land or any part thereof fo r any
~
purpose other than the Project.

his Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the

Effec~\).~~
\)

Date. This Agreement shall continue in full fo rce and effect for the Term or suc:s,..~f~~~S
other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, unless terminat~~ '-'0~~
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
\J~~~

3.

INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA

3. 1

Initial Contribution in Joint Venture

3.1.1

The Initial Contribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall b
follows:

Page 7 of'29

Contribution (Rs.}

Earth link
Zameen

Portion of
Pro ject
Land Cost
121 ,800,000
121 ,800,000

Proj ect
Am2roval
Cost
4,560,825
4,560,825

Initial
Construction
Cost
5,01 6,908
5,01 6,908

Design &
Architecture
Cost
1,3 85,155
1,385,155

Total

243,600,000

9, 121,650

10,033,81 6

2,770,310

Total
Contribution
132,762,888
132,762,888
265 ,525,776

3.1.2

The Proj ect Land Cost, Initia l Construction, Proj ect A pprovals Cost and Design
and Architecture Cost shall be contributed by the Parties in the manner outlined in
C lause 4 wherein Project Approvals Cost, Design and Architecture and Initial
Construction Cost shall be subj ect to any adjustment on the basis of actual cost
inCUITed.

3.2

Profit-Sharing Formula
The Parties agree and understand that that they will share profits in accordance with
the formula set out below:
Earth link
Zameen

50% of the profits
50% ofthe profits

l
I

The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in
accordance with Clause 10 below.
4.

ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND & PROJECT APPROVALS

4. 1

Project Land

4.1.1

For the purposes of undertaking the Proj ect on the Proj ect Land and transfer of the
same to the Joint Venture, it shall purchase the Proj ect Land from the Landowner.
In this regard, Earthlink shall ensure/procure that the Landowner transfers and
conveys the Proj ect Land to the Joint Venture through a provisional allotment letter,
along with handing over of vacant possession to the Joint Venture. Earth li nk
understands and acknowledges that obtaining the provisional allotment letter from
the Landowner sha ll be a condition precedent fo r the formation ofthe Joint Venture
and the payment of the portion of Initia l Portion of Proj ect Land Cost by Zameen
in accordance with C lause 4. 1.7 (a) below.

4.1.2

T he Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project
Land shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project
Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms
of this Agreement.

4. 1.3

Earthlink shall ensure and procure that the Landowner or any third party, as ~
hen required, do all acts, deeds, things and take all necessary steps as reqL~
':(....
including issuing any no-obj ection certificates, as well as granting permissi~\)~ ')..'?
authorizations or approvals necessary for the proper sale, transfer and conv~y~ ~'(..~~S ~
of the Proj ect Land in favo ur of the Joint Venture.
~'(.."-l'(..\..0'?

4 .1.4

Earthlink sha ll ensure and procure that the Landowner does not sell , transfer, gift,
exchange, lease, license or in any other manner alienate the Project Land or any
. ~,\ed
part thereof up until the issuance of the provisiona l allotment letter.

v

4 .1.5

0'

Any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the sale a_
nd transfer/conveyance of ~
Proj ect Land in favor of the Joint Venture including stamp duty, registration

Page 8 of 29

transfer of immovable property tax. CVT and all other charges related to issuance
of the provisional allotment letter as per applicable laws shal l be a cost of the Joint
Venture and borne equally by the Parties (the ··Project Land Tr·ansfer Cosf').
4. 1.6

The Parties agree and understand that the Landowner shall bear any and all liabi lity
to any prior owners and occupants of the Project Land and any part thereof at any
time up to the date of transfer (in accordance with this Clause 4.1.5) of clear and
unencumbered title thereto. Earthlink hereby indemnifies and shall procure that the
Landovvner indemnifies, defends and holds forever harmless Zameen and the Joint
Venture, from and against any and all claims from current (up to the date oftrans lcr)
or past owners. leaseholders. occupants, licensees, time-shareholders. holders o f
concessions, holders of rights of usufruct and/or easements and/or covenants.
mortgagees. lien holders. Governmental Authorities or holders of any other interest
in any part of the Project Land arising from or related to the transfer of title to the
Project Land or any part thereof: the grant of any rights thereto arising under or
related to thi s Agreement or the payment of any fees due and payable by the
Landowner on or before the date thereof'.

4. 1.7

The Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall pay an aggregate
amount of PKR 573,600,000 (Rupees Five Hundred Seventy-Three Million Six
Hundred Thousand) to the Landowner as consideration for the Project Land .
Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the Parties, the Project Land Cost
shall be paid as fo llows:
(a) Simultaneously with the issuance of provisional allotment letter by the
Landowner pertaining to the Project Land, PKR 243,600,000 (the .. Initial
Por·tion of Project Land Cosf') shall be paid by the Joint Venture as a portion
of the Project Land Cost. In this regard, each Party agrees, confirms and
undertakes that it shall deposit. as a portion of its Initial Contribution towards
Project Land Cost, a sum of PKR 121,800.000. For thi s purpose, Zameen shall
deposit PKR 12 1,800.000 with Earth! ink th rough a bank instrument in favo ur
of Earthlink Developments LLP. In this regard, Earthlink hereby undertakes
and acknowledges that Zameen· s Initial Contribution towards Project Land
Cost, that is PKR 121,800,000 shall not be utilized lo r any other purpose other
than as a portion of the Project Land Cost. In the event that the provisional
allotment letter is not issued by the Landowner in the name of the Joint
Venture, Earthlink shall immediately return to Zameen its Initial Contributi on
towards Project Land Cost and Clause 12 shall apply.
(b) the remaining portion of the Project Land Cost, that is an amount of PKR
330,000,000 (the ··Outstanding Project Land Cost'} shall be paid by the
Joint Venture to the Landowner in the lo llowing manner:
(i)

The Outstanding Project Land Cost to be paid by the Joint Venture to the
Landowner out of the Sale Proceeds shall consist of twelve (12) equal
quarterl y installments where each instalment shall be equivalent to Rs.
27,500,000 ("Instalment"). The Instalments shall be disbursed through
the Master Account over a period of approx imately three (3) years, such
period to commence as per the payment plan provided by Bahria Town
(Private) Limited (the .. Outstanding Proj ect Land Cost Payment
Per·iod'}
In the event that at the time o f each Instalment, the entire Instalment
has not been paid to the Landowner on account of insuffici ent
Proceeds. then each Party undertakes to deposit 50% of. the dif ' r ~
between the Installment and the amount already paid through ~ ales
Proceeds if any ("Instalm ent Shortfall Amount''). Th is shall
done
~

Page 9 of 30

within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment to
the Landowner.
(iii)

In the event that on the expiry of the Outstanding Proj ect Land Cost
Payment Period, the entire Outstanding Project Land Cost has not been
paid to the Landowner as envisaged in Clause 4.1. 7(b )(i) above on
account of insufficient Sa le Proceeds. then each Party undertakes to
deposit 50% of the difference between the Outstanding Project Land
Cost and the amounts already paid pursuant to Clause 4.1 .7(b)(i) til l the
expiry of Outstanding Project Land Cost Payment Period ("Outstanding
Project Land Cost Shortfall Amount'} This shall be done within
sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment to the
Landowner.

4. 1.8

The Parties understand and acknowledge that the measurement or area of th e Project Land
transferred and conveyed by th e La nd owner in favou r of the Joint Venture might vary from
the measurements in Annex ure A. In the event of any va riat ion in the measurements or the
Project Land, Earth link shall ensure and procure that the Landowner hall revise the Project
Land Cost as we ll as the payment plan accordi ngly on a pro-rata basis.

4. 1.9

In view of the understandin g of the Parties to undertake the Project on the Project Land.
Ea rthlink shall ensure and shall proc ure that the Landowner takes all necessary steps as
requi red under the Law of Paki tan to ensure that the Project Land is transferred/conveyed
to the Joint Venture free of Encumbrance(s).

4.1. 10 The Parties agree that the com plete possession and control of th e Project Land will at all
times rema in with the Joi nt Venture fo r undertaking th e Project in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.
4.2

Project App rova ls
(a) Earthlink shall obtain the Project Approva ls a pecifica lly contained in Annexure 13
on behalf of and in the name of the Joint Venture fi·om the Governm ent Authorities.
includ ing the Capital Development Authorit (CDA) and Bahria Town (Private)
Limited required for the purposes of undertak ing the Project on the Project Land,
with in one (I) month of the submission of final dra' ings or such period as may be
mutually agreed in writing between the Parties.
(b) Earthlink agrees and understands that it shall be a condition precedent to the
undertaking of the Proj ect by the Joint Venture that all Proj ect Approvals in terms of
this Clause 4.2 have been obtained by Ea rthlink on behalf of the Joint Vent ure in
respect of the Project Land. The Joint Venture or Zameen hall not be liab le in any
manner whatsoever for any delay or fa ilure due to reason not attributab le to Zamee n
with respect to obtaining the Project App rovals within the time line set out herein.

~

(c) The Parties understand and agree that the cost for Project Approvals shall be
based on the applicable rates of the office of the Capital Development
Authority and Bahria Town (Private) Limi ted. or other relevant orficcs.
Earthlink shall confirm and ensure that such costs, along with all costs lor
preparing the Project Master Plan shall be incurred and reported to the Joint
Venture at actual cost in the amount specified in Annexure B (the "Project
Approvals Cost''). The Parties shall be liable equally for the Project Approvals
Cost, along with all applicable taxes (including any costs for the Project Master
Plan).

~\-~In
the event any addi tiona! amount is required on acco unt of Project Approvals
~"\ ~~~'\'=> over and above the Project Approvals Cost. Earth! ink undertakes to en ·e ~ 1a

~~~\..o'?
\J~

the Earth! ink shall info rm the Joint Venture about the requirement o · d · 1ona
payment, which will be subject to approval fro m the Joi nt Ventur .~ arthlink
undertakes to not incur such add itional costs without prior \vritten ~ roval or

the Joint Venture. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that in the event
Earthlink incurs any amount over and above the Project Approvals Cost
without prior written approval of the Joint Venture, Zameen shall not be liable
to contribute towards such additional amount(s) and Earthlink understands that
it will not have any claim whatsoever fo r such amount(s) against the Joint
Venture or Zameen and Earthlink shall solely be liable to discharge such
payment obligation(s).
(e) Earthlink shall confirm and ensure that any amount provided to the Landowner
by the Joint Venture for the Proj ect Approvals pursuant to this Clause 4 .2 shall
be used exclusively for obtaining the Project Approvals.
4.3

Design and Architecture
(a) Zameen shall be responsible for preparing and finalizing, at its sole discretion,
the design, civil, structural and architectural development and the concept of
the Proj ect.
(b) ln this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall enter
into a design and architecture agreement with Zameen Developments (Private)
Limited recording the terms and conditions pursuant to which the design and
architecture services will be provided for the Project at the rate of PKR 70 per
square feet.
(c) The Parties understand and agree that the Design and Architecture Cost are an
estimate of the costs to be incurred by the Joint Venture and. Zameen shall
confirm and ensure that such costs, along with all costs fo r preparing the
drawings and designs shall be incurred and repo rted to the Joint Venture at
actual cost in the amount specified in Annexure B (the "Design and
Architecture Cost").

4.4

All other activities of the Joint Venture shall be undertaken by the Parties in
accordance with the Responsibility Matrix in Annexure D of the Agreement or as
otherwise stated herein.

5.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

5.1

Formation and Appointment of Members

5.1.1

The Parties agree and understand that fo r the purposes of undertaking and managing
the Proj ect in terms of Clause 5.2 below, the Project Management Committee w ill
be fo rmed comprising of two (2) Membe rs named below, which shall be deemed
to exist from the Effective Date:
1.
11.

Authorized representative of Zameen;
Mr. Jamal Kakakhel.

5.1.2

The Parties will exercise their respective voting ri ghts in the Project Management
Committee and take such other steps as are necessary to ensure that the Project
Management Committee consists oftwo (2) members one fro m each Party.

5.2

Responsibilities of the Project Management Committee

5.2.1 The Project Management Committee shall supervise, direct and control the
~

~

Marketing Company, Construction Management Company, and manage the
Project.

~ \~\(

~\l.1~~\S \-\-'?

~t'-Jt\..o?N"

5.2.2

The Proj ect Management Committee shall be responsible for the management,
operation and admini stration required lo r the executi on or the Proj ect. These shall
include. infer alia:
1.

v.

Recruitment and training of personnel required for the day-to-day
management of the Project;
Recruitment of an independent quantity/quality surveyor and external
auditor for conducting an independent review of the Project" s construction
and expenses;
Managing the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture,
and overseeing the overall maintenance of the Proj ect;
Reviewing and evaluating the perto rmance or the Construction
Management Company:
Approving the Schedule of Wor.ks;

v1.

Finalizing the Criteria l-or Selection;

VI I.

Finalizing the construction contractor;

V III.

Reviewing the sales and marketing targets l-or the Project (the .. Marketing
Targets"');
Preparing and approving the terms and conditions or the Project contracts
and other related documents, including the construction contract and
preparing and finalizing the bill of quantities/summary of cost;
Reviewing and approving the di sbursement of profits to the Parties in
accordance with Clause I 0 below:
Deciding, infer alia. mode and manner of payment or the Outstanding
Project Land Cost;
Finalizing and hiring the bu ilding management company; and
Engaging in any other incidental activities relating to the Project.

11.

11 1.
IV.

IX.

II.

111.
I V.

v.
5.3

Quorum
The quorum for a meeting of the Project Management Committee wi ll be two (2)
Members, provided that one ( I) Member nominated by each Party is present at the
meeting, unless waived by the Parties in writing.

5.4

Voting entitlements
The voting entitlements of the Members at a meeting of the Project Management
Committee (whether on a show of hands or a poll) are as fo llows: each Member
present or represented is entitled to one ( I) vote and all resol uti ons will require two
(2) affirmative votes.

5.5

Time and

otice of meetings

1.

Unless all the Members otherwise agree, a meeting of the Project Management
Committee shall be held at least once every calendar month. or as otherwise
determined by the Project Management Committee, in Lahore or
Islamabad/ Rawalpindi , as mutual ly agreed in v.rriting between the Members in
advance. Members may either be present in person, through video link,
telephone or by proxy.

ii.

Unless all the Members otherwise agree, the Joint Venture must give each
Member at least ten ( 10) days· written notice of a meeting of the Project
~Management Committee.

~

~

~\)~\,_\-?

~~"\ \'l'~~~s
\~'-'x..'-o?

"

6

IRRECONCILABLE DEADLOCK

6.1.

In the event that Earthlink and Zameen are unable to agree on (i) any of the matters
set forth in Annexure C ("Major Decisions"), or (ii) on any modification to the list
of matters constituting Major Decisions, for thirty (30) days consecutively, then the
Senior Officers w ill meet to negotiate.

6.2.

Ifthe matter remains unresolved for ten ( 10) days following the start of negotiations
under Clause 6.1 above, then either Zameen or Earthlink shall have the right to issue
a notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock. Following the giving of such notice of
Irreconcilable Deadlock, the Buy-Out Procedures set forth in Clause 6.3 shall apply.
Provided, however, that each of the Parties shall ensure that the Project shall
continue during the pendency of an Irreconcilable Deadlock or the activation of the
Buy-Out Procedure and in this regard, no Party shall:
(a) take any step or action that may adversely affect, or
(b) fa il to take any step or action required for
the smooth operation and continuation of the Project. For the avoidance of doubt,
it is clarified that that any Party in breach of its aforesaid obligation shall be liable
to compensate the Joint Venture and the other Party for any damages caused by its
breach.

6.3

Buy-Out Procedure
(a) Within thirty (30) days fo llowing delivery of a notice of Irreconcilable
Deadlock, either Zameen or Earthlink may advise the other in writing that it
offers to buy the interest of the other, specifying the price at which it is will ing
to buy, as the case may be (the "Initial Offer"). Upon receipt of an Initial Offer,
the other Party must respond in writing within ten (1 0) days indicating its
acceptance of the Initial Offer or making a counteroffer to buy the interest, as
set o ut in Clause 6.3(c), of the Party making the Initial Offer, specifying the
price at which such Party is wi lling to buy (the "Response"). If there is no
Response containing a counteroffer, then the Initial Offer will be deemed to be
accepted without requiring any further act or notice by the Party making the
Initial Offer.
(b) If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that both Parties wish to buy the
interest of the other in the Joint Venture, they shall continue negotiations in an
effort to reach a final agreement on price. If the Parties have been unable to
reach an agreement as to price within ten (1 0) days of the Response, then either
Party may require that the bidding procedure specified in this Clause 6.3 be
fo llowed.

the last offer within the aforementioned two (2) days' period shall constitute
acceptance immediately upon which there shall be an agreement to sell between
the Parties, which shall be specifically enforceable.
(d) Upon an offer being accepted in terms of Clause 6.3(c) above, the Party whose
offe r has been accepted shall be required to make payment of the full amount
to the other Party within a period of hundred and eighty ( 180) days fro m the
date of such acceptance.
(e) For the purposes of this Clause 6.3(e), all offers and counteroffers must be in
writing and in a form which is firm and binding; all offers must be responded
to within two (2) days of the receipt of notice of the prior offer (except a
Response to an Initial Offer under Clause 6.3(a) above, which must be delivered
within ten (10) days). If no response to an offer or counteroffer is received
within the stipulated time, the immediate prior offer shall be deemed to be
accepted, and the Parties shall take all actions necessary and within its powers
to conclude such sale.
(f) The Parties undertake and agree that in the event of an Irreconcilable Deadlock
which results in undertaking of the Buy-Out Procedures, the Party acquiring the
interest of the other Party shall be entitled to undertake the Proj ect on its own
or through any other third party and shall be solely entitled to any and a ll right(s)
and/or interest(s) in the Proj ect and/or Project Land. In this regard, the outgoing
Party w ithin forty-five (45) days after the offer is accepted in terms of C lause
6.3 (c) above:

(i)

shall ensure that all possible I required steps are undertaken, including
without limitation novating I waiving I foregoing I assigning in favo ur
of such acq uiring Party any and all rights that may have been created in
its favo ur, enabling the acquiring Party to undertake the Proj ect as per
its own will ;

(ii)

take such steps and execute such agreement(s) as may be required so as
to ensure that the possession, ownership and title of the Project Land
shall vest solely with the Party acqui ring the interest of the other Party
and to ensure that the outgoing Party shall have no interest whatsoever
in the Project and/or the Proj ect Land;

(iii)

hereby undertakes that any and all ri ghts created in its favo ur under this
Agreement, if applicable, shall stand discharged and the outgoing Party
shall have no right(s) and/or interest(s) either in the Proj ect o r Project
Land upon completion of Buy-Out Procedures and transfer of the
Project;
shall do such other things and execute such other documents as shall be
necessary or as the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party may
reasonable request to give effect to the transfer.

in the construction contract executed between the selected construction
contractor and the Joint Venture. The Parties undertake to render complete
cooperation in this regard.
(b) The cost of Construction shall be a cost of the Project and will be disbursed
f"i·om the Master Account in accordance with Clause 9.2 below.
7.2

Construction Management Company
The Construction of the Project will be supervised and managed by the Project
Management Committee through Earth! ink Developments LLP (the ··Construction
Management Company.. ). In this regard, the Parti es agree and understand that the
Construction Management Company will enter into a construction management
agreement with the Joint Venture recording the terms and conditions pursuant to
which the construction management services will be provided for the Project (the
··construction Management Agreement""). The terms and conditions of the
Construction Management Agreement shall include, inter alia:

~

7.d

1.

Manage, coordinate and oversee the Construction and development of the
Project,

11.

Coordinate and liaise with contractors, sub-contractors or any other service
providers during the Construction of the Project;

111.

Devise and implement effective mechanisms and systems for maintaining
constant and regular checks on the pace and quality or the Works at the
Project Land ;

1v.

coordination of all Works to be performed fo r the purposes of execution or
the Project;

v.

Ensure the Construction of the Project conforms with the Project Approvals.
Project Master Plan and all applicable regulations, rules and laws;

VI.

Ensure strict compliance of the Schedule of Works by all contractors and
sub-contractors;

v11.

Carry out continuous inspection of the Works at the Project Land where
Construction is in progress;

V lll.

Ensure all Constructi on is in accordance with the industry standards and
conduct quality control and verification; and

IX .

Perform all other incidental activities relating to the Project.

Construction Management Service Fee

{?) A

"-'>) ~?
~~ :i)

In consideration of the provision of the Construction Management Services, the
Joint Venture shall pay to the Construction Management Company a fee equi valent
~~~ to 10% of such net profit as specified in the Feasibi lity Report prepared and agreed
'b~
~ between the Parties at the time of submi ssion of final drawing submi ssions to the
relevant Authorities (the "Construction Management Services Fee"). regardless
of the quantum of actual expenses incurred by the Construction Management
Company for the provision of the Construction Management Services.

~~~~

7.4

Proj ect Commencement

(a)

The Joint Venture sha ll commence the Works fo r the Proj ect w ithin thirty (30) days
from the grant of the Project Approvals.

(b)

The Pa11ies clearly understand and agree that the Works for the Project must be
completed within the time frames set out in the Schedule of Works provided that
the Proj ect Land sha ll have been transferred through provisional allotment letter
and handed over to the Joint Venture. The estimated time for Project Completion
is forty-eight ( 48) months from the commencement of Work ("Estimated Project
Completion Time").

(c)

Subject to a '.vritten agreement between the Parties, com pletion time ofthe Project
may be revised (altered) in the following cases:
a) When the scope, nature and the design of the Works is changed by either
Party, and if these changes affect the Schedule of Works of the Proj ect;
b) If the Works are de layed or stopped for reasons beyond the reasonable
control of the Parties; and
c) If the delay is due to any reasons arising out of in relation to the Proj ect
Approvals.

7.5

Pro ject Operations Cost
a) The Parties understand and acknowledge that a ll operational, audit, legal and
administrati ve costs, expenses, fees and charges incurred shall be the cost of the
Jo int Venture and shall be payable by the Joint Venture. In this regard, the Joint
Venture shall allocate a total estimated budget of approximate ly 1% of the Total
Sales Revenue ("Project Operations Cost").
b) T he Parties agree that the Proj ect Operations Cost sha ll be paid out of the Sales
Proceeds each Mo nth and sha ll be disbu.rsed fro m the Master Account in
accordance with C lause 9.2 below.

8

PROJECT MARKETING AND SALE

8.1

Marketing Company

8.1.1

The Proj ect will be marketed and promoted, the Units will be sold by the Joint
Venture and the Marketing Targets will be attained by the Proj ect Management
Committee through Zameen Media (Private) Limited (the "Marketing
Company"), in the name of the Proj ect as mutually agreed between the Parties (the
"Marketing Services"). In this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the
Marketing Company wi ll enter into a marketing agreement with the Joint Venture
r o rding the terms and cond itions pursuant to which the Marketing Services will
e provided fo r the Project (the "Marketing Agreement"). T he terms and
conditions of the Marketing Agreement sha ll include, inter alia:

~

~ (a) Developing and implementing a 360 degrees marketi ng strategy for the
~l\N\Xomotion of the Proj ect inc luding branding and social media cam paigns on

£P.R0p~£.~1S \.A.&cia l media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram etc.;
o£.'1£.\.:

(b) Attaining Marketing Targets agreed in the Marketing Ag reement ;

(d) Collection of no more than 30 (thirty) per cent of the Buyers' Deposits by the
Marketing Company and deposit of the same in the Master Account: and
(e) Provision of training by the Marketing Company to the employees of the .Joint
Venture responsible fo r collecting the remaining seventy per cent (70%) or the
Buyers· Deposits.
8. 1.2

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company shall have the
exclusive right to sell the Units and, in thi s regard. the Marketing Company may
col lect the Buyers' Deposits and installment payments from Buyers on behalf or
the .Joint Venture in the manner detailed in Clause 8.1 .1 (a). The Buyers· Deposits
and installment shall be deposited in the Sales Proceeds Account and shall be dealt
with in accordance with Clause 9.

8.1.3

The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company will be
responsible fo r providing the Marketing Services, and in this regard, the Marketing
Company will have the exclusive right to devise marketing and promotional
schemes, campaigns and materials for effectively promoting and marketing the
Project through the print, electronic and other media.

8.2

Marketing Services Fee
(a) In consideration of the provision ofthe Marketing Services. the Joint Venture shall
pay to the Marketing Company a fee equivalent to I 0% of the Total Sale Revenues
(the "Marketing Services Fee"), regard less of the quantum of actual expenses
incun·ed by the Marketing Company for the provision of the Marketing Services,
which shall be disbursed through the Master Account in accordance with Clause
9.2 below.
(b) The Parties understand and agree that notwithstanding anything else contained in
this Agreement, the obligation to undertake the marketing of the Project will be
subject to and conditional upon availability and timely disbursement of Marketing
Services Fee,. from time to time, fl·om the Master Account in accordance with
Clause 9.2 below.

9

PROJECT BANK ACCOUNTS

9. 1

Sales Proceeds Account
(a) For the purposes of the receipt of the Sale Proceeds of the Project the Joint
Venture shall open a bank account with a scheduled bank acceptable to the
Parties immediately following the Effective Date.

(b) The Buyers' Deposits hom the sale of Units in the Project and any other revenue
~
generated by the Joint Venture from the Project shall be initially deposited in
~ ,'t--\'f:-.. the Sales Proceeds Account, which shall be disbursed to the Master Account
\t~~\~\~\.? and utilized in accordance with Clause 9.2.

~.~t..\...o?N'-~~
9.2

(c) Each Party shall be entitled to nominate one ( I) person to be appointed as a joint
signatory of the Sales Proceeds Account.
Master Account
(a) The Master Account shall be opened in addition to the Sales Proceeds A
and the authorized signatories shall be such person(s) as may be detern 1
y
the Joint Venture. The disbursements from the Master Account shall be .' order

.,
E

~ \c-' .

.;)

I$

~

~e,!Jd) s'~

of precedence, as given below in Clause 10. The disbursement from the Master
Account after the Commercial Launch shall be done as follows:
1.

At the end of each quarter (i.e. four (4) Months) and till such time that
the Project Land Cost has been paid in full, Rupees Twenty Seven
Million Five Hundred Thousand (PKR 27,500,000) for the purposes of
payment of each Instalment of the Outstanding Project Land Cost;

11.

At the end of each Month and till such time that the Marketing Fee has
been paid in full, ten per cent ( 10%) ofthe revenue from the new sale of
Units for the purposes of payment of the Marketing Fee;

111.

At the end of each Month and till such time that the construction is
completed and no further payment obligations exist for the Joint Venture
under the construction contract, a portion, as agreed between the Parties,
of the Sales Proceeds collected during that Month, for the purposes of
undertaking construction (excluding Construction Management Cost).
Any funds transferred from the Sales Proceeds Account to the Master
Account for construction shall strictly be utilized for the sole purpose of
completing the construction of the Project;

IV.

At the end of each Month and till the lapse of six (6) Months after
Estimated Project Completion Time, the Project Operations Cost on a
pro-rata basis for the purposes of payment of the Project's operational
costs;

v.

After the Project Land Cost has been paid in full , at the end of each
Month and till such time that the Initial Contribution of each Partner has
been reimbursed/paid in full , a maximum of ten percent (1 0%) of the
Sales Proceeds for the purpose of such reimbursement; and

v1.

Upon Completion of Project, ten per cent (10%) of the net profit
specified in Feasibility Report for the purposes of payment of the
Construction Management Fee.

10

PROFIT SHARING

10.1

The Parties agree and understand that after deduction of/payment to, in order of
precedence:
(a) Project Land Cost,
(b) Marketing Fee,
Construction cost,
(d) Project Operations Cost,

~

(e) Initial Contribution to Parties;
--=-RtHUNK

£A
oEVELOPMENiS LLP(f) Miscellaneous expenses of the Joint Venture, and
(g) any other deductions/payments required by the Laws of Pakistan, and
(h) Construction Management Fee.

Page 18 or29

from the Total Sales Revenue, the remaining amount upon Project Completion shall
be shared between Zameen and Earthlink in accordance with Profit Sharing
Formula given in Clause 3.2.
10.2

Each Party will be responsible for any taxes due and payable by it including but not
limited to any taxes on its respective share of profit in terms of this Clause 10.2.

11

PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENT
If any event, action or occurrence beyond the control of the Parties (including any
injunction/stay order) prevents/hinders the Joint Venture from marketing, sell ing
one or more of the Units or constructing one or more of the Units and/or the
Complex, as the case may be, then the time frames given in this Agreement for the
performance of the Parties' respective ri ghts and obligations under this Agreement
shall be accordingly delayed/postponed until such event, action or occurrence shall
have ceased/abated/stopped/withdrawn, as applicable.

12

TERMINATION

12. 1

This Agreement may be terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Clause
12.1 in case there occurs an Event of Default. The following shall be the "Events
of Default":
(a) Earthlink fails to ensure the issuance of the provisional a llotment letter in
favour of the Joint Venture in accordance with C lause 4.1 of this Agreement;
(b) Earthlink fails to obtain the Project Approvals as specifica lly contained in
Annexure B on behalf of and in the name of the Joint Venture in accordance
with C lause 4.2 ofthis Agreement;
(c) EarthLink fails to deposit its Initial Contribution or any part thereof in the
account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to
make payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in
accordance with Clauses 4.1.7 (a), 4.1.7 (b) (ii), 4.1.7 (b) (iii) and 4.2 (c), as
applicable;
(d) Zameen fails to deposit its Initial Contribution or any prut thereof in the account
of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make
payment or in any other manner prescribed herein to make payment in accordance
with Clauses 4.1.7 (a), 4.1.7 (b) (ii) 4.1.7 (b) (iii) and 4.2 (c), as applicable;
(e) a material breach by a Party of any term or condition of this Agreement
including failure to fulfill its financial obligations under this Agreement;
any material breach by a Party of a representation, warranty or covenant made
herein or in case the same is found to be false or incorrect; or

--

(g) any assignment or novation of rights by a Party in violation of this Agreement
unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties.

EARTHLINK

DEVELOPM~'1:2 LLPUpon occurrence of an Event of Default under Clause 12.1 , the non-defaulting Party
may deliver a Default Notice to the Party in breach at any time thereafter. The
Default Notice shall specify in detail the applicable Event of Default that gives rise
to the Default Notice.
12.3

Following the giving of a Default Notice, the Parties shall consult for
to exceed thitty (30) days, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties ("

Period"), as to what steps must be taken by the Party in breach to mitigate the
consequences of the Event of Default and the circumstances which gave rise
thereto.
12.4

During the period following delivery of the Default Notice, the Party in breach may
continue to undertake efforts to cure the default, and if the default is cured to the
non-defaulting Party ' s satisfaction prior to delivery of a Notice of Termination
pursuant to Clause 12.4, then the non-defaulting Party shall be prohibited from
issuing a Notice of Termination or otherwise proceeding with termination of this
Agreement for such Event of Default.

12.5

Upon expiration of the Consultation Period, unless the Parties have otherwise
agreed or the Event of Default has been cured under C lause 12.3 above, the nondefaulting Party may terminate this Agreement by delivering a Notice of
Termination to the Patty in breach.

12.6

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by Earthlink
(including on account of any act or omission of the Landowner) under Clause
12. 1(a), the portion of the Initial Portion of Project Land Cost deposited by Zameen
on behalfofthe Joint Venture wi ll be deposited by Eatthlink in the Master Account
w ithin thirty (30) days of such notice and returned immediately by the Joint Venture
to Zameen therefrom, or deposited in such other bank account as may be specified
by Zameen in writing.

12.7

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by Earthlink under
Clause 12.1(b):
1.

--=-

Emthlink shall have the option to purchase the Project Land from the Joint Venture
against a payment equal to 50% of the aggregate sum of the costs incurred by the
Joint Venture with respect to the Project Land Cost, Project Approvals Cost,
Design and Architectural Cost, Initial Construction Cost and any other expenses,
charges or costs up to the date of such tetmination. Emthlink acknowledges that
it shall have a period of six (6) months to exercise the said option and complete
the transfer of the Project Land, such period to commence from the date set out
in C lause 4.2(c). In case the option is exercised by Eatthlink, Earthlink shall
immediately pay the amount stated herein to the Joint Venture, which amount
shall be immediately transferred to Zameen' s designated bank account by the
Joint Venture to reimburse the expenses incurred by Zameen on acco unt of
Project Land Transfer Cost, Project Approvals Cost and Project Land Cost and
any other expenses, fees , charges or costs. Further, any taxes, duties and charges
in relation to the transfer/conveyance of the Project Land in favor of Earthlink,
including stamp duty, registration fee, transfer of immovable property tax, CVT
etc. shall be borne by Earthlink. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified and
Earthlirik acknowledges that its obligations hereunder are specifically
enforceable.

EARTH LINK

DEVELOPME~l5 LL~n the event Earthlink does not exercise the option and complete the transfer of
the Project Land under Clause 4.1.8(a) above within the timeframe set out
therein or otherwise fails to comply with any of the terms of such sale, including
those specified in Clause 4 .1.8(a) above, the Joint Venture shall sell the Project
Land to any third party at the Fair Market Value of the Project Land, which
shall be determined by the Independent Valuer in accordance w ith Clause 12.7
(d) below. In such a case, the Joint Venture will retain an amount from the sale
consideration equal to the sum of Initial Portion of Project Land Cost, Project
Approvals Cost, Initial Construction Cost, Design and Architecture C
any profit earned from the sale of the Project Land to transfer 50°
retained amount to each Party ' s designated bank account which shall
~I

full and final sale consideration for the Project Land and such amount shall be
treated as the "Project Land Cost" fo r the purposes of this Agreement. For this
purpose, the Joint Venture and each Parties shall be obl igated to execute such
documents and/or provide such assistance as may be required for complete and
timely disposal of the Project Land to any such party under this clause.
12.8

In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued by a Party (the "Non-Defaulting
Party") due to default by the other Party under Clause 12. 1 (e), (f) and (g) (the
"Defaulting Party"):
(a) Subject to Clause 12.7 (c) below, the Defaulting Party will have no further
rights, claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project
Land;
(b) The Buyers to whom Units have been sold in terms of this Agreement, shall
continue to have all interests, rights and obligations pursuant to the Sale
Instruments; and
(c) The Non-Defaulting Party may, without prejudice to any other remedy it may
have, within a period of fifteen (15) days of the issuance of the Notice of
Termination, exercise the option (which Zameen and Earthlink hereby
irrevocably grant to each other) to require the Defaulting Party:
(i)

to sell to the Non-Defaulting Party its share I interest in the Project I
Joint Venture at 80% of the Fair Market Val ue of its share I interest in
the Project I Joint Venture; or

(ii)

to buy from the Non-Defaulting Party its share I interest in the Project
I Joint Venture at 120% ofthe Fair Market Value of its share I interest
in the Project I Joint Venture.

(d) In order to calculate the Fair Market Value, the matter w ill be referred to an
Independent Valuer with the request that the Independent Valuer makes a
decision on the Fair Market Value of the Defaulting Party or Non-Defaulting
Party's interest in the Project I Joint Venture, as applicable, which shall be
ascertained in accordance with the fair market value of the Project Land, Works
undertaken and Construction completed on the Project Land at the time of
default, outstanding liabilities and any other standard or criteria determined by
the Independent Valuer. The Independent Valuer must be requested to make a
decision as soon as practicable after receiving any submissions from the
arties, which submissions must be made by them within 21 days after the
matter is referred to the Independent Valuer. In the absence of manifest error,
the decision of the Independent Valuer is to be conclusive and binding on the
Parties. The Parties agree that the Independent Valuer' s costs and expenses in
connection with the reference will be paid by the Defaulting Party. The
Independent Valuer will be appointed as an expert and not as an arbitrator.
In the event that the Parties are unable to agree on a single Independent Valuer
from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, the Independent Valuer shall be
constituted as a panel of three (3) valuers where each Party wi ll appoint one
valuer each and such appointed valuers shall jointly nominate the third valuer
from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, namely (i) Deloitte Yousaf Adil ;
(ii) Ernst & Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder; (iii) KPMG ; or (iv) AF Ferguson
& Co. In this regard, the Parties agree that each Party shall bear the cost of the
valuer appointed by such Party, and the Parties shall equally share the cost ~o_ _
the third valuer. The decision of the third valuer so appointed by the fir tw -¥shall be final and binding on the Parties.
(/J?:J.
·~

E

--=--t>r-'

':l

~

Page

WI. d ) s''~-~
.

~

13 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
13.1

In addition, to its covenants, representations and wananties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, the Parties hereby makes the fo llowing representations, warranties
and undertakings:
(a) The Parties are companies validly existing and canying on its business under the
Laws of Pakistan.
(b) The Parties have the power and authority under their respective memorandums
and articles of Associations or other such constitutive documents, to enter into
and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and
its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of
their memorandum and articles of associations, constitutive documents and/or
any agreement/contract by which they are bound.
(c) The Parties have the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement.
(d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and
no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this
Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
(e) There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, (i) for their dissolution or
bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective
obligations under this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby.

(t) The Parties have sufficient capacity and resources necessary for the effective
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
13.2

In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in
this Agreement, Earthlink hereby makes the following representations, warranties
and undertaking to Zameen:
(a) Earthlink shall ensure that the Landowner, as the owner of the Project Land,
completely delivers the Project Land along with relevant documents to the Joint
Venture in accordance with Clause 4.1.

(b) Earthlink shall ensure that no fees dues, levies, taxes or charges, by whatever
name called, are claimed/demanded and/or recovered/received by or on behalf
f the Landowner, on account of the issuance and delivery of the Project Land
to the Joint Venture in terms of Clause 4 above. If the Joint Venture, and in
particular Zameen, suffer(s) any loss and damage due to any breach of this
provision, then Earthlink shall , without prejudice to both the Joint Venture' s
and Zameen ' s other rights and remedies under this Agreement or under the law,
EARTH L\ NKindemnify the Joint Venture or Zameen, as applicable, to the full extent of any
DEVELOPMENTS LLPsuch loss and damage.

=:.--

14 LIABILITIES AND INDEMNITIES
14.1

Page 22 or29

14.2

Each Party shall indemnify the other Party and its directors, officers, shareho lders
and employees against and hold harmless at all times from any and a ll loss incurred
in relation to damage to property or personal injury or death arising out of the
negligent or intentional act or omission on its part in connection with this
Agreement.

14.3

In the event of a direct loss incurred by either Party or its directors, officers,
shareholders or employees in relation to damage to property or personal injury or
death arising out of negligent or intentional acts or omissions w hich are the subj ect
matter of this Agreement but which result from the joint or concurrent negligent or
intentional act or omission of both Parties, each Party shall be liable in proportion
to its degree of negligence or fault.

15 CONFIDENTIALITY
15.1

Each Party sha ll ensure that all documents and information related to the Proj ect
shall be kept confidential, unless:

(a) required to disclose such information by j udicial or administrative process or
otherwise in accordance w ith any law or the rules of any recognized stock
exchange applicable to the disclosing Party;
(b) with the consent of the non-disclosing Party (not to be unreasonably withheld),
disclosed in the interests of the Project;
(c) disclosed to its legal, financial and/or technical advisors or pursuant to the
Project Contracts, provided that prior to making such disclosure, the disclosing
Party obtains an appropriate confidentiality undertaking regarding such
documentation or information from the person to w hom such information is to
be disclosed; or
(d) disclosed in a legal action or proceeding brought by either Party in pursuit of
its rights or in exercise of its remedies.
15.2

This Clause 15 does not apply to information: (i) that the disclosing Party can prove
became known to it independently and through no fault of its own, or (ii) such
information is or has become public knowledge otherwise than throug h a wro ngful
act or default of the disclosing Party.

15.3

The Parties understand and agree that this confidentiality obligation shall survive
the xpiry or termination of this Agreement and all such confidentia l information
all be kept confidential until otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing.

NOTICES
All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and
EARTH Ll ~vered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and
DEVELOPMENTSI~Ilrn receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or
transmitted by telefax to the respective Party at the fo llowing addresses:
Zameen
Address:
Attention:
E-mail :

3rd Floor, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III , Lahore

Legal Department
legal@ zameen.com

Earth link
Address:
Attention:
E-mail:

Compliance and Legal Department
First Floor, Plaza No. 37, Ascon Heights, Civic Centre,
Phase 4, Bahria Town, Islamabad.
info@earthl ink.com. pk

or such other address (and contact details) as from time to time may be designated
by notice from the respective Party to the other Party . Any such notice or
communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: (i)
receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mai l or deli vered
by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or
(ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receivi ng Party's normal business hours)
or next succeeding date on which the receiving Party is normally open for business,
if sent by telefax provided that the sender' s transmission report shows the entire
facsimile to have been received by the recipient.

17 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
17.1

If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all
reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by
negotiation. Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be
submitted in writing to a panel of two persons, one representative each from
Zameen and Earthlink who will promptly meet and confer in an effort to resolve
such dispute. Each Party ' s representative w ill be identified by notice to the other
Party, and may be changed at any time thereafter by notice to the other Party. Any
agreed decisions of the representative will be final and binding on the Parties. In
the event the representatives are unable to resolve any dispute within thitty (30)
days after submission of the same to them, either Party may then refer such dispute
to arbitration in accordance with Clause 17.2.

17.2

If no settlement can be reached between the Parties, then the dispute wi ll be
submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three (3) arbitrators.
Each of the Parties may appoint an arbitrator and such appointed arbitrators shall
jointly nominate the third umpire. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the
Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore. Each Patty shall pay its
own legal expenses. The award of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding
upon both the Parties and the Parties shall implement the arbitral award without
delay.

This Agreement is governed by the Laws of Pakistan and subj ect to Clause 17.2
above, courts of Pakistan shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters related to
or arising out of this Agreement.

EARTH ~ It<f~NERAL
DEVELOPMENTS LLP

19.1

19.2

The Parties agree and understand that time shall be of essence to this Agreement as
regards the dates specifically mentioned and as to any date that may by agreement
in writing between the Parties be substituted for such dates.

19.3

No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to either Party by this Agreement is
intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein
or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be
cumulative of every other right or remedy.

19.4

This Agreement and its Annexures along with the Feasibility Report shall constitute
the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties I Parties in respect of
the subject-matter hereof, and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous
writings/agreements, understandings, accords, protocols, or otherwise relating
thereto. The Parties may mutually vary the terms of this Agreement through a duly
executed written agreement.

19.5

Neither Party shall purport to assign or transfer any rights or obligations arising
under this Agreement to any person without the prior written consent of the other
Parties hereto.

19.6

If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable provision
shall be given no effect but the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect. The Parties shall forthwith enter into good faith negotiations
to amend the Agreement so that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision is
replaced by a valid, legal, and enforceable provision, which conforms to the extent
possible to the intended purpose of the former provision.

SIGNATORIES
(AMENDED AND RESTATED JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT)

WITNESSES

(2)

,Bflct~J

CNIC: o7'-tD5- .3 \'l-'?-1-6{ - S
Date:
,.., , rn~
t 6 -o ~.---- ,..,~ ~,

Na 1 :
1;\t;
CNIC: ~-=1-L{oS"- ~~ti.}.-L
Date: [G- ~2-- Lf

Page 25 of29

ANNEXURE A: Project Land Site Map

----

~-

Page 26 or29

ANNEXURE B:
PROJECT APPROVALS

1. Submission Drawings in Bahria Town Design Wing
2. NOC from Bahria Town for Construction at Site
3. NOC from Bahria Town for Sales and Marketing of the Project
4. Architectural, Structural drawings vetting and approval
5. Design and Elevation Approvals
6. Project's Final Approval

·~ ~· ·
Page 27 of 29

ANNEXURE C: Major Decisions (see Clause 6.1)

(i)

Any change in members of project management committee and/or senior officers

(ii)

Approval for incurring any costs for Project Approvals and the Project Master Plan
over and above any amount that may have previously been agreed.

(iii)

Proposals with regard to material addition to or deletion from or change in the scope
and objectives of the joint venture and the nature of the project.

(iv)

Revisions to this list of major decisions.

(v)

Granting of the signing authorities and power of attorneylies on behalf of joint
venture (more particularly, for banking operations) except for instruments
conferring limited power for performance of such matters in the normal course of
business.

(vi)

Finalizing the criteria for selection of contractors.

(vii)

Finalizing the Schedule of Works.

(viii)

Finalizing the bill of quantities (BOQs)

(ix)

Finalizing the construction contractor

(x)

Finalizing the fair market value share I interest in the Project I Joint Venture.

(xi)

Disbursals from the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture.

(xii)

Decisions as to the overall maintenance of the Project.

(xiii)

Approving the disbursement of profits from the Joint Venture.

(xiv)

Recruitment, retention and dismissal of independent quantity/quality surveyor and
external auditor and determination of their remuneration

(xv)

Approval of any revision of budgets.

(xvi)

Expenditures in excess of Rs. 5,000,000 (Rupees Five Million) which were not
already approved.

(xvii) Decision regarding payment of Project Land Cost to the Landowner.
(xviii) The sale, lease, disposal or donation of any assets of joint venture other than in the
ordinary course of business.
(xix)

Establishing any mortgage, charge or any other encumbrance over any assets of the
joint venture.

(xx)

Commencement of any litigation.

(xxi)

Change in appointment of third independent valuer/consulting firm.

(xxii) Purchase or acquisition of immoveable assets exceeding Rs. 5,000,000 (Rupees
Five Million) by the Joint Venture.

--===
---==--==-----EARTH L
DEVELOPME

ANNEXURE D: Responsibility Matrix

Activity

Zameen

SPY formation & land transfer

Responsible

Transfer of land

-

Earth link
Developments
Responsible
Responsible

SPY

Informed/Consul ted

Page 28 of 29

Appointment of key position
holders

-

-

Responsible

Appointment of Audit firm

-

-

Responsible

Responsible

-

Informed/Consulted

Design approvals

-

Responsible

Informed/Consulted

Construction contract & award

-

Architecture & design

Responsible

Responsible

-

Informed/Consulted

Proj ect' s Construction
Oversight, Monitoring &
Supervision

-

Responsible

.Informed/Consul ted

Finance & Accounts

-

-

Responsible

Responsible

-

Informed/Consulted

-

-

Responsible

Marketing & Sales

Pricing (Variation beyond
agreed prices)
Modification in project
scope/sales model

------

EARTHUNK

DEVELOPMENTS LLP

Page 29 of 29