PROJECT PROMOTION AGREEMEN T 
 This Project Promotion Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this [● DATE] day of [●MONTH] [●YEAR] by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , trading as Zameen.com, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Adil Ahmad Kamal (“ Zameen Media ”) 
 AND 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDALLION (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Luqman Muhammad Rafiq (“ Zameen Medallion ”) 
 
 (Zameen Media and Zameen Medallion shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as “ Zameen ”, which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 AND 
 [● DEVELOPER ], a [●private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan] with its registered office at [●ADDRESS] (“ Customer ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( Zameen and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ” ) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Customer is undertaking a real estate project, named and styled as [●] [PROJECT NAME], comprising [●] towers with [●] [residential/commercial plots/units/apartments], based on an area of [●] [DIMENSIONS] square yards and located at [ ● ADDRESS] (“ Project ”) ; 
 
 Zameen is in the business of providing digital solutions and Services to real estate developers, including inter alia IT and IT-enabled services and other related services such as branding, ATL and BTL activities ; and 
 
 The Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for performance of Services by Zameen with respect to the Project, including access to and utilization of Zameen ’ s online portal , and the Customer has granted exclusive rights to Zameen in this regard, as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Zameen and the Customer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 DEFINITIONS: 
 
 Buyer means any person, company or entity that purchases any U nit in the Project, jointly or individually. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5. 4. 
 
 Competent Authority means any federal, provincial or local government or any other comp et ent authority empowered by law , department or regulatory body which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement. 
 
 Defaulting Charges will have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 1 6 .2. 
 
 Development Charges means any payment(s) to be made by a Buyer for the purpose of development of the Project. 
 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form. 
 
 Inventory means , out of the total [●] Units in the Project, [NUMBER] residential and [●] [NUMBER] commercial plots available for the Zameen to sell, as listed in Annexure A. While the number of the Units in the Project may vary as a result of structural reorganisation, the square footage of the Project (per Annexure F ) shall remain unchanged. Any additional [ ●residential or commercial plots/apartment] in the Project sold by Zameen as well as any Units created as a result of aforementioned structural reorganisation of the Project shall be deemed to be a part of the Inventory in Annexure A . 
 
 Permitted Discounts means the maximum discounts that the Customer has permitted Zameen to include in its brand ing material and extend to the Buyers , as per Clause 7. 
 
 Premium means, where the Sale Price is higher than the Quoted Price of a Unit, the difference between the two . 
 
 Quoted Price means the price of any Unit in the Project as specified in the Price Schedule in Annexure B . Any price variation due to the Unit’s location, view, extra size, or any other additional or special facilities, application of any discount under Clause 7.2, shall be deemed to be a part of the Quoted Price. 
 
 Sale Price means the price of any Unit in the Project at which the same is actually sold to any Buyer(s) after any applicable discounts, unless otherwise specified. For avoidance of doubt, Sale Price will always be construed as the overall price of a Unit payable by the Buyer irrespective of any deposit, down payment, or a failure on the part of a Buyer to pay future instalments. 
 
 Schedule of Work has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9. 1 3 . 
 
 Services means all services to be provided by Zameen during the Service Period of this Agreement, including IT and IT-enabled s ervices , and the branding s ervices, as more specifically described in Annexure D . 
 
 Service Period has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.1. 
 
 Service Fee means the fee to be charged for providing the Services, as stipulated in Clause 5.1. 
 
 Unit means a single residential or commercial plot in the Project as listed in the Inventory in Annexure A. For avoidance of doubt, Unit shall be understood to include any Mortgaged Unit locked for sale, but shall not include Reserved Unit, where: 
 
 Reserved Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) reserved by the Customer exclusively for [●] [PURPOSE]. For avoidance of doubt, Reserved Unit shall not be available for sale by Zameen unless specifically authorised by the Customer under the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Reserved Unit released by the Customer shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement. 
 
 Mortgaged Unit means any residential and/or commercial Unit(s) pledged to/locked for sale by the development authority or any other competent authority for any lawful purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, any Mortgaged Unit released shall be exclusively available for Zameen to sell under this Agreement . 
 
 SERVICE PERIOD &amp; SCOPE: 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective from [ ●D ate] for a period of [ ● ], subject to Clause 13.1 below (“ Service Period ”). 
 
 The Parties are entering into this Agreement whereby Zameen Media shall have the exclusive rights for the provision of Services or any other service related thereto, with respect to the Inventory, and Zameen Medallion shall have the right to collect from the Buyers, on behalf of the Customer, the down payment up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price of Unit (s) sold by Zameen and disbursement of payments to the Parties accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement, along with all Annexures attached herewith and the terms of use as stated on Zameen ’s website shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto, and applies to the Inventory of the Project as listed in Annexure A, and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral understanding or communication between the Parties. 
 
 This Agreement may be extended or modified, through written mutual agreement between the Parties, in accordance with Clause 12, to inter alia include further unit(s) and inventory available with the Customer in the Project or in any other project(s) undertaken by the Customer. 
 
 Any terms used in this Agreement in the singular, where the context so permits, shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa. 
 EXCLUSIVITY 
 
 Zameen shall have the exclusive right to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. In this regard, the Project shall be exclusively advertised and marketed through the utilization of the Services and Zameen shall have the exclusive selling rights in respect of the Project. The Customer shall not grant such rights to any other company, entity or person during the Service Period . Further, the Customer shall exclusively utilize Zameen ’s Services for the Project to the exclusion of any other similar online portal . 
 
 Customer hereby agrees that neither the Customer nor any other person(s)/entity( ies ), authorised by the Customer, shall advertise or market the Project and/ or sell any Units in the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement, nor shall any third party provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that Zameen shall have the right to authorize any third part y , including estate agencies, property agents/dealers or any other entity, company or person, at its sole discretion, to sell the Units of the Project, or to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Customer hereby grants to Zameen , for up to 1 (one) year of termination of this Agreement, the right of first refusal to sell and to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, with respect to any other inventory available in the Project and/or in any other real estate project(s) undertaken by the Customer. Provided that : 
 
 The Customer is under no obligation and shall have exclusive discretion to make available for sale any unit at any time; and 
 
 The right of first refusal shall extend to any Reserved or Mortgaged Unit or any other unit or inventory made available for sale during the Service Period of this Agreement or within 1 (one) year of termination hereof, notwithstanding whether a Reserved or Mortgaged Unit is made available for sale by the Customer or a third party to whom Customer may have transferred such Unit 
 
 The right of first refusal under Clause 3.4 shall be exclusively granted to Zameen on the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen shall provide the Services as more fully described in Annexure D , and, in this connection, to the extent required, also utilize its online portal for the branding and selling of the Project as per the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Customer acquiring all necessary approvals and no-objection certificates for the Project from the C ompetent A uthorities. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that for performance of Services under this Agreement, Zameen shall have the absolute right and discretion to determine the mediums used to deliver the Services with respect to the Project, including inter alia determining the appropriate strategy, budget and platforms to utilise. 
 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 As consideration for the Services performed by Zameen under this Agreement and utilization of Zameen ’ s online portal , Zameen shall be entitled to a fee equal to [ ● WORDS ] percent ([ ● ]%) of the Sale Price OR Quoted Price of all Units sold during the Service Period of the Agreement (“ Service Fee ”). 
 
 In the event that Premium is earned on the sale of a Unit, the Customer shall pay fifty percent ( 50% ) of the Premium (“ Zameen ’ s Share of Premium ”) to Zameen . 
 
 Subject to the permitted discounts in Clauses 7.2 and 7.3 below, the Parties agree that , for the purpose of payment of fees to Zameen under this Agreement, a Unit shall be deemed sold if a minimum of ten percent ( 10% ) of the Sale Price of such Unit has been paid by the Buyer . 
 
 In the event of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than ten percent ( 10% ) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer, Zameen shall not be entitled to any Service Fee. However, in the event that Customer charges the Buyer any cancellation fee, 50% (fifty percent) of such fee shall be paid to Zameen (“ Cancelled Unit Fee ”). 
 
 Zameen shall not be entitled to any Service Fee with respect to the cancellation of sale of any Unit(s) under Clause 5.4 above. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit, Zameen shall brand and sell such cancelled Unit as per the terms of this Agreement and subject to applicable fee(s) hereunder. 
 
 In the event that any Unit is sold by Zameen at one hundred percent (100% ) upfront payment, Service Fee shall be charged in full at the Sale Price/Quoted Price of the Unit before OR after deduction of applicable discount(s), if any. 
 
 The Customer understands and confirms that Zameen shall be entitled to the Service Fee in respect of the branding and sale of every Unit during the Service Period of this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Unit(s) have been branded and sold by Zameen , the Customer or any third party and notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and/or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any such Unit. 
 
 Zameen ’ s staff shall strictly adhere to the clauses specified in this Agreement and schedules specified in the Annexures hereto regarding the branding and sales of the Project. 
 
 BRANDING AND SALES 
 
 Zameen shall initiate services subject to the Customer fulfilling the f ollowing obligations within thirty (30) days of the signing of this Agreement (“ Mobilisation Time ”): 
 
 Provide to Zameen , all necessary approvals for the Project from the relevant development, local, municipal authority or any other Competent Authority ; and 
 
 Provide to Zameen all necessary documents and materials required for branding purposes (“ Preparatory Materials ” ) . 
 
 Zameen shall be entitl ed to undertake and perform the Services and related services required to be provided under this Agreement, along with any other services related thereto, from any office or place deemed appropriate by Zameen at its sole and absolute discretion . 
 
 Zameen shall brand and sell the Inventory listed in Annexure A in accordance with the Price Schedule in Annexure B , exclusive of Development Charges if applicable. Customer agrees and confirms that the Development Charges shall not be claimed from the Buyer in respect of any Unit for a minimum of [ ● DURATION] after sale of such Unit. 
 
 The Parties agree that Zameen shall offer, at its discretion, to any Buyer any one of the payment plans specified in Annexure C . 
 
 In respect of the Services, Zameen shall achieve periodical sales targets under this Agreement in [ ● ] cycles wherein the first cycle consists of [ ● ] months while the second and third cycle consists of [ ● ] months each (“ Periodic Cycle ”) as fully defined in Annexure E (“ Sales Targets ”). Provided that the Sales Targets will commence subject to fulfilment of obligations by the Customer under Clause s 6.1 and 9.1 7 . Any delay on the part of the Customer with respect to the aforementioned clauses shall result in an automatic extension of time allotted to the Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement which shall be at least equal to the time of delay on the part of the Customer . 
 
 Any Reserved or Mortgaged Unit sold during the Service Period of this Agreement shall count towards the Sales Targets set-out in Annexure E . 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen is unable to meet a minimum of seventy percent (70% ) of the periodical Sales Targets during the corresponding Periodic Cycle as specified in Annexure E , the exclusivity granted to Zameen under Clause 3.1 may be revoked, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen sells [●] percent ( [●%] ) of the total Inventory by the end of the Service Period , the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by [●] ([●]) months (“ Extension ”). 
 
 PRICE CONTROL AND PERMITTED DISCOUNTS 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that the Quoted Price of any Unit, as per the Price Schedule in Annexure B , shall remain fixed during the Service Period of this Agreement, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties hereto, subject to market conditions. 
 
 Zameen shall be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a discount of ten percent ( 10% ) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at one hundred percent (100%) upfront payment, and a discount of five percent (5% ) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at fifty percent (50% ) upfront payment. 
 
 Zameen shall also be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a further discount of [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] NUMBERS%) to any Buyer on the sale of any Unit, independent of and/or in addition to the permitted discounts in Clause 7.2 above . 
 
 The Customer acknowledges and agrees that Zameen shall have the right to give/offer any discounts permitted in the Clauses 7.2 and 7.3 above, individually and/or cumulatively, as the case may be to any Buyer . 
 
 PAYMENT 
 
 Customer hereby undertakes to pay Zameen Service Fees in the following manner: 
 
 Customer shall pay [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price to Zameen on payment of [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price to Zameen on payment of further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer, taking the aggregate down payment/instalment(s) to [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale/Quoted Price, along with Zameen’s Share of Premium (if any) due under the terms of this Agreement, to Zameen on payment of further [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer, taking the aggregate down payment/instalment(s) to [●] [WORDS] percent ( [●] %) of the Sale Price. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee shall be payable by the Customer to Zameen Media (Private) Limited as and when a sale may be cancelled. 
 
 In the event that more than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price is paid by the Buyer as a single up front down payment/instalment(s), the proportionate Service Fee on pro-rata basis shall be paid to Zameen in accordance with Clause 8.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen shall invoice the Customer within three (3) days after every sale of a Unit(s), payment of every down payment/instalment(s), cancellation of sale by the Buyer or for any other fee/payment due to Zameen under this Agreement . Customer shall pay and clear all such invoices in accordance with Annexure K , within three (3) working days of the date of such invoice, notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and/or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any Unit. 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that any dispute or objection in respect of any invoice of Zameen shall be intimated to Zameen in writing within three (3) days from the date of invoice. If Zameen does not receive an objection within three (3) days from the date of invoice, then it shall be deemed that the Customer accepts the invoice. Moreover, the Customer shall have no right to raise any objection after the lapse of three (3) days from the date of invoice. 
 
 Within [ ● ] day(s) of acceptance of the invoice or resolution of any objection under clause 8. 4 above , the payments collected from the Buyer(s) shall be disbursed by Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited after adjustment of any Service Fee, Zameen’s Share of Premium and/or any other charges, payments or fees payable to Zameen under this Agreement, as illustrated in Annexure K . All disbursements to the Customer shall be credited to the Customer’s bank account specified in Annexure G (“ Customer’s Bank Account ”). For the avoidance of doubt, adjustment of Service Fee under this clause shall be deemed as full and final settlement of the applicable Service F ee that the Customer is liable to pay to Zameen under this Agreement. 
 
 Customer shall not be liable in any manner for any delay or failure on the part of Zameen with respect to disbursement of Service Fee and/or any other fee/payment due to wards Zameen, or any part thereof under this Agreement . 
 
 Any fee(s) or payment to Zameen outstanding at the time of termination of this Agreement shall be paid to Zameen by Customer within seven ( 7 ) days of such termination. 
 
 All applicable taxes shall be borne by either party as per local law(s). All invoices generated under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable withholding tax and sales tax. 
 
 CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES &amp; WARRANTIES 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that it has the lawful authority to enter into and execute this Agreement through the duly authorized representative first mentioned above. 
 
 Customer confirms and warrants that Customer shall not make any changes whatsoever to the Project’s floor plan attached herewith as Annexure F , sellable inventory, specifications, amenities, or any other significant structural change, amendment or modification to the Project without consulting with Zameen , and any failure to consult Zameen shall be considered a breach of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that the Customer is the absolute owner of the Project and its land area or holds a valid attorney from the land owner to develop and sell the Project , which is free from any lien, charge, encumbrance, etc. of whatsoever nature, except when sold under this Agreement and shall remain unencumbered throughout the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that it is the owner of all I ntellectual P roperty rights in relation to the Project and the name of the Project and has not violated any such Intellectual P roperty rights belonging to any other party . 
 
 The Customer shall at the time of signing of this Agreement deliver to Zameen the ‘Notice to Buyers’ in original as specified in Annexure I for authorization under clause 9.6. The notice shall be issued on the Customer’s letterhead, duly signed and stamped by the Customer . 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 In order to enable Zameen to fully and properly perform the Services, the Customer hereby grants the exclusive right and authorizes Zameen to collect, for and on behalf of the Customer, down payment/instalment(s) up to thirty percent ( 30 %) of the Sale Price from the Buyer of any Unit included in Project’s Inventory and sold or booked during the Service Period or such other time period as may be mutually agreed with respect to the Units’ pending approvals. Pursuant to the above, the Customer hereby authorizes Zameen Medallion to collect the aforementioned payments through a bank instrument issued in favour of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited or through direct bank transfer/deposit by the Buyer in the designated bank account of Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited specified in Annexure G. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and confirms that Customer shall be solely responsible for recovery of any payments from the Buyer, including inter alia any instalment(s) in respect of every Unit sold, whereas Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited shall collect such initial down payment as specified in Clause 9. 6 above . 
 
 Customer agrees that Zameen shall not be liable in any manner for any delay or failure on the part of the Buyer to make any payment/instalment up to thirty percent (30% ) of the Sale Price. 
 
 In the event that the complete down payment (up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price) with respect to any Unit sold or booked during the Service Period is not received from the Buyer at the time of termination of the Project Agreement, the Customer grants Zameen the right to collect the remaining down-payment from such Buyer(s) to enable Zameen to fulfil its obligations under Clause 5 above. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen the applicable Service Fee (defined below) with respect to such Units in accordance with the Project Agreement. 
 
 Zameen shall ensure that the ‘Acknowledgement ’ specified in Annexure H is issued against any payment collected from a Buyer for and on behalf of the Customer pursuant to Clause 9. 6 above. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the right to refuse any offer for sale of any Unit(s) from a potential Buyer(s) provided said offer is in accordance with the price schedule and Clause 7 of this Agreement. In the event of refusal by the Customer for sale of any Unit(s) from a potential Buyer(s) under this c lause which affect the Project’s sales and branding campaign, Zameen may suspend its Services in respect of the Project through notification in writing or via email. The suspension of Services under this c lause shall result in an automatic equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement . 
 
 Customer understands and confirms that the Buyer shall not bear any allotment charges on a Unit being sold for the first time. 
 
 Customer shall ensure that all Units are transferable to the Buyer(s) at the time of booking/selling of such Unit and the Customer confirms that no transfer charges for any Unit shall be applicable to the Buyer at the time of transfer of such Unit . 
 
 BRANDING AND SALES 
 
 Customer shall strictly adhere to the construction schedule (“ Schedule of Work ”) in respect of the Project, attached herewith as Annexure J . In the event that Customer fails to adhere to the Schedule of Work and work on the site has been ha lted for a period exceeding thirty (30) days, Zameen may suspend the Services in respect of the Project, as well as utilization of Zameen ’ o nline p ortal , after informing the Customer in writing. The said suspension shall continue till Customer is in compliance with the Schedule of Work. Zameen may consult with Customer before suspension of services under this c lause. Any delay in construction by the Customer in terms of this c lause shall result in an equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer confirms that a model Unit will be constructed at the Project site within [ ● ] days/months from the date of signing of this Agreement. Customer shall be solely responsible to construct and maintain said model Unit in a clean and tidy manner and to pay all utility and operational costs of the same and to bear all costs associated therewith. Failure in the upkeep and maintenance of the model Unit, or any delay in the completion thereof, by Customer may affect Project’s sales and branding campaign, for which Zameen shall not be responsible. 
 
 Customer shall provide a fully equipped sales office at the Project site with all required facilities including inter alia furniture, air conditioning, security, basic maintenance, and electricity backup. All utility and operational costs for the sales office shall be borne by Customer . 
 
 Customer shall obtain all necessary permissions, approvals and NOCs for the Project from all Competent A uthorities: land, revenue and/or any other department; federal, provincial and/or local governments, or any other department(s) or authority( ies ) concerned, as and when required, before or after the signing of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer shall ensure timely preparation, execution and submission of all mutually agreed-upon documentation and/or material including but not limited to agreements to sell, copies of transfer and allotment letters, copies of payment receipts, and a schedule of any future charges applicable to Buyers other than Sale Price. 
 
 Customer shall assign numbers to all Units within the Project so that an y concerned authorities do not suspect overselling. 
 
 PAYMENTS 
 
 Parties shall share on a monthly basis , an up-to-date monthly report(s), statement(s) of account(s) and/or any document(s) relating to the booking/sale of any Unit(s) in the Project’s Inventory sold during the Service Period of this Agreement, including inter alia the following information/details: 
 
 Unit No. 
 Buyer’s Name 
 Buyer’s CNIC 
 [Legal entity/ Firm No./ Company’s Incorporation No] 
 Sale Price 
 Details of the payment(s) received from the Buyer 
 
 Customer shall provide to Zameen , upon demand , any statement(s) of account(s) or any document(s) relating to the booking/sale of any Units in the Project’s Inventory up to the point where any and all fees/charges/amounts due to Zameen under this Agreement have been paid to Zameen . 
 
 Customer is and shall be liable for any and all payments and/or instalments for land, construction, development, any type of government dues, penalties and/or charges in relation to the Project. 
 
 Customer shall ensure timely payment of all fees due to Zameen under this Agreement, strictly in accordance with Clauses 5, 8 and 9 of this Agreement. 
 
 NON-SOLICITATION 
 
 Customer shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, employ or offer employment to, solicit or endeavour to entice away or discourage any employee and/or prospective employee of Zameen (including former employees of Zameen , whose employment was terminated within the preceding one ( 1) year of this Agreement) and/or its affiliates during the Service Period of this Agreement and up to one year after the termination of this Agreement. Further, Customer shall not acquire any direct or indirect service from any employee(s) of Zameen other than the services stipulated in this Agreement. 
 
 NON-DELIVERY 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event Customer fails to timely perform any of its responsibilities stated in this Clause 9 and/or any other responsibilities under this Agreement, the time period(s) for achieving Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be proportionately extended. 
 
 BRANDING 
 
 All branding communication for the Project shall include Zameen ’ brand name and/or Zameen ’ s logo/trademarks as an official and exclusive sales and brand partner. The Customer shall not have the right to use Zameen ’ s brand name or its logo/trademarks without prior written permission of Zameen . 
 
 Any permission granted by Zameen under Clause 10.1 shall only be for the purposes of brand the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement and shall not be construed as grant of license to use Zameen ’ s brand name or logo(s)/trademarks. The brand name or logo(s)/trademarks of Zameen shall remain the exclusive property of Zameen . 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 Customer shall not disclose, without prior written approval from Zameen , any information regardi ng this Agreement, including the contents of this Agreement and/or the strategy( ies ) employed by Zameen to brand and sell the Project. 
 
 AMENDMENTS AND SEVERABILITY 
 
 All additions, amendments and variations to this Agreement shall be binding only if in writing and signed by duly authorized representative s of both Parties, which shall be read as an integral part of this Agreement. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall, within thirty (30) days of such declaration or judgment, substitute the affected provisions in such a way that to the maximum extent possible the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective and valid unless terminated in the manner set out below: 
 
 Prior to the lapse of the Service Period, only through mutual consent of both Parties in writing, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, neither party shall have the right to unilaterally terminate this Agreement during the Service Period; 
 After the lapse of the Service Period, by either Party giving at least [ ● ] days’ notice in writing to the other Party. 
 
 The termination of this Agreement shall be effective upon lapse of the notice period specified in the notice of termination under clause 13.1 .2 . 
 
 The Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen Service Fee, or any other fees or charges due to Zameen for services performed until the date of termination. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement under clause 13.1.2 above, the Parties agree that Zameen shall provide to the Customer, within [ ● ] days from the date of termination notice, a list of Units that are in pipeline for sale. Zameen shall collect the down-payment from the Buyers, as per Clause 9. 6 within [ ● ] days from the date of booking and sale of such Units . For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen the Service Fee with respect to such Units . 
 
 SURVIVAL 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement set forth in Clause 3.4, 9.4, 9.20 , and 11 shall survive the termination hereof. 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 Zameen shall not be liable for Customer’s failure or inability to deliver the Project or for failure or inability to deliver the Unit(s) to any Buyer(s) or for any breach of p rovincial or f ederal law, lack of approvals, or non-compliance with any other applicable law for the time being in force by Customer with regards to the Project, or for any other reason whatsoever, and Zameen shall not be liable to pay any penalty that may be imposed in respect thereof or bear any costs in association therewith. For avoidance of doubt, in case of any such failure or inability on the part of the Customer as envisaged under this Clause 1 5 , Customer shall not be entitled to any refund of any fees or charges paid to Zameen under this Agreement . 
 
 Customer shall not be responsible for any misrepresentation, mistake and/or negligence of any representative and/or employee of Zameen . Irrespective of the number or basis of the claim(s) in relation thereto , Zameen ’ s maximum aggregate liability to any Customer, under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss (or any other loss) , whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort , shall not exceed a sum equal to the value of the amount already paid to Zameen by the Customer in relation to which such claim arises. 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Any material breach of the terms of this Agreement shall be construed as an Event of Default. Any such d efault shall be remedied within ten ( 10 ) working days by the defaulting Party after being notified through written notice by the non-defaulting Party. 
 
 In the event the Customer fails to remedy any default with respect to Clauses 3, 5, 7, 9 and/or 11 within the time period stated in Clause 1 6 .1, Zameen may suspend its Services in respect of the Project and the Customer shall be liable to pay Zameen defaulting charges (“ Defaulting Charges ”), which shall be calculated as follows: 
 All expenses incurred by Zameen plus overheads such as staff salaries, and any other expenses incurred by Zameen in respect of the Project till the date of the Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, the Defaulting Charges shall be payable to Zameen in addition to the Service Fee payable to Zameen under this Agreement. 
 Defaulting Charges are without prejudice to any other rights of Zameen under this Agreement or any other remedy available under the law and equity . Further, Defaulting Charges are not by way of a cap and in case of any losses/damages/costs incurred or suffered by Zameen in excess of the Defaulting Charges, the Customer shall remain liable for any such losses/damages/costs and Zameen shall be entitled to recover the same through all available legal means . 
 
 In the event of default under Clause 1 6 .2, Zameen may suspend its Services in respect of the Project through notification in writing or via email until such time as the default is remedied by the Customer. The suspension of Services under this Clause 1 6 .4 shall result in an automatic equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Force Majeure means an event beyond the control of the Customer or Zameen , which prevents either Party from complying with any of its obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to: 
 
 an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and floods); 
 
 war, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), invasion, act of foreign enemies, mobilisation, requisition, or embargo; 
 
 rebellion, revolution, insurrection, or military or usurped power, or civil war; or 
 
 riot, commotion, strikes, go slows, acts or threats of terrorism, pandemic, epidemic, lockdowns, lock outs or disorder. 
 
 CONSEQUENCES OF FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Neither Party shall be considered in breach of this Agreement to the extent of performance of their respective obligations, excluding payment obligations that have already accrued, if such Party is prevented by an Event of Force Majeure that arises after the date of this Agreement . 
 
 The Party prevented from carrying out its obligations, in accordance with Clause 1 8 .1 (“ Affected Party ”) shall give notice to the other Party of an Event of Force Majeure upon it being foreseen by, or becoming known to, the Affected Party. 
 
 If and to the extent that Zameen suffers any delay in performing its obligations, including but not limited to achieving the Sales Target, as a result of the Event of Force Majeure then it shall be entitled to an extension of time equal to the period of interruption caused by the Event of Force Majeure . 
 
 The Service Period and all periods mentioned in this Agreement, excluding the period(s) pertaining to any payment(s), shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of interruption caused by an Event of Force Majeure. 
 
 NOTICES 
 
 All notices shall be delivered via email or written letters. Emails shall be deemed delivered after twenty-four (24) hours of being sent. Written letters shall be deemed to have been delivered after three (3) working days of being posted, provided such letters were sent via a reputable courier company. It is the responsibility of the Customer to promptly update Zameen of any change of address or email address. 
 
 Zameen and Customer shall appoint representatives as points of contact for all telephonic communication and for the purposes of serving written notices. Contact details of the Customer’s and Zameen ’ s representatives for the purpose of Notices shall be as follows: 
 Customer 1 Attention of: 
 Email: 
 Address: 
 Contact #: 
 
 Customer 2 Attention of: 
 Email: 
 Address: 
 Contact #: 
 
 Zameen Attention of: Legal Department 
 Email: legal@zameen.com 
 Address: 3 rd Floor, 94-B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore . 
 Contact #: 0300 8568154 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 
 The Parties shall attempt to resolve any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement amicably by mutual agreement. In case the dispute is not resolved within 15 (fifteen) days, it shall be referred to arbitration and either Party shall notify the other through delivery of written notice . 
 
 Arbitration shall be governed by the Arbitration Act 1940. Arbitration shall be conducted by three arbitrators: one to be appointed by each Party, and a third to be appointed by the first two appointed arbitrators. 
 
 The venue of arbitration shall be Lahore and the language of arbitration shall be English. The award and decision of the arbitrator s shall be conclusive and binding on all Parties and the award may be brought before the court of law having jurisdiction for its execution . 
 
 The decision and award of the arbitration shall be final, non-appealable and binding on the Parties, including decisions as to allocation of costs relating to any such arbitration and all matters related thereto. 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 The Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zameen, its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns, from and against all third party (including Buyers) liabilities, claims, costs, damages, losses, or expenses (including legal fees and expenses) which arise out of or relate to any act, error or omission on the part of the Customer, any representation of the Customer herein being incorrect, misleading, incomplete, false or breach of warranty or of any obligation hereunder by the Customer, including inter alia with respect to any third party Intellectual Property rights. 
 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan. 
 
 JURISDICTION 
 
 The Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Lahore, Pakistan. 
 
 RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or deemed to create any association, partnership or joint venture, agency, or employer-employee relationship in any manner whatsoever between the Parties. 
 
 GOOD FAITH 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under this Agreement based on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party. 
 
 TIME IS OF ESSENCE 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the time fixed for payment of amount(s) or any part thereof under this Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 This Agreement may be entered into in counterparts , all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER 
 [• Name] 
 [ • Designation, • Company] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of ZAMEEN 
 ADIL AHMAD KAMAL 
 Head of Project Acquisition, Affiliates Network &amp; CRM, Zameen Media (Private) Limited 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of MEDALLION 
 LUQMAN MUHAMMAD RAFIQ 
 NIC No. 35202-305 4465-5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSE S : 
 
 
 (1) 
 
 
 
 (2) 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 LIST OF ANNEXURES 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A INVENTORY 
 ANNEXURE B PRICE SCHEDULE 
 ANNEXURE C BUYER PAYMENT PLANS 
 ANNEXURE D SERVICES 
 ANNEXURE E SALES TARGETS 
 ANNEXURE F PROJECT SITE/FLOOR PLAN 
 ANNEXURE G BANK ACCOUNT DETIALS 
 ANNEXURE H ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SLIP 
 ANNEXURE I NOTICE TO BUYERS - SAMPLE 
 ANNEXURE J SCHEDULE OF WORK 
 ANNEXURE K INVOICING &amp; DISBURSAL OF PAYMENTS MODEL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 INVENTORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE B 
 PRICE SCHEDULE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE C 
 BUYER’S PAYMENT PLANS 
 
 
 ANNEXURE D 
 SERVICES 
 
 
 Zameen shall provide IT and IT-enabled services, along with related services, to the Customer during the Service Period of this Agreement , which shall include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Lead generation; 
 Call centre services; 
 Software development; 
 Software maintenance; 
 System integration; 
 Web design; 
 Web development; 
 Web hosting; 
 Utilization of Zameen’s online portal to facilitate the sale of a Unit. 
 Network design; 
 Social media campaigns run on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube etc.; and 
 Technical support. 
 
 Zameen shall provide , at its discretion, digital solutions and branding through ATL and BTL activities for the Project . 
 
 Zameen shall collect, for and on behalf of Customer, down payment/instalment(s) up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price from the Buyer of any Unit included in Project’s Inventory and sold or booked during the Service Period or such other time period as may be mutually agreed with respect to the Units’ pending approvals. 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE E 
 SALES TARGETS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE F 
 PROJECT PLANS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE G 
 BANK ACCOUNT 
 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDALLION (PRIVATE) LIMITED 
 
 Account Title:       Zameen   Medallion  Pvt Ltd Account No:        0001337296 Bank:                  JS Bank Limited Branch:                Ghalib Road, Gulberg      Branch Code:      9123 IBAN:                    PK36JSBL9123000001337296 Swift Code:          JSBLPKKA 
 
 
 CUSTOMER: 
 
 Account Title: 
 Account No: 
 Bank: 
 Branch: 
 Branch code: 
 IBAN: 
 SWIFT code: 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE H 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SLIP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE I 
 NOTICE TO BUYERS – CUSTOMER’S LETTERHEAD 
 
 [TO BE PRINTED ON THE DEVELOPER’S LETTERHEAD] 
 
 
 NOTICE TO ALL BUYERS OF [●PROJECT] 
 Date: [●] 
 Please be informed that we have authorized Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited (“ Zameen ”) to collect payments up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price from our buyers on our behalf in cash, through bank instrument in favour of ‘Zameen Medallion (Private) Limited’ or through bank transfer to the following account: 
 Account Title:       Zameen   Medallion  Pvt Ltd Account No:        0001337296 Bank:                  JS Bank Limited Branch:                Ghalib Road, Gulberg      Branch Code:      9123 IBAN:                    PK36JSBL9123000001337296 Swift Code:          JSBLPKKA 
 
 Please note that the Sale Price of the purchased u nit must be paid as per the payment plan and the terms and conditions of the booking form or agreement to sell, whichever is applicable. 
 We are thankful for your choice and trust in [●Project Name] . 
 
 
 ____________________________ 
 
 [● Name] 
 [● Designation] 
 [ ● Partnership/ Company s eal to be affixed ] 
 ANNEXURE J 
 SCHEDULE OF WORK 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE K 
 INVOICING &amp; DISBURSAL OF PAYMENTS MODEL 
 
 
 Note 
 Services Sales Tax under PRA shall be paid by Customer whereas WHT shall be deducted from Zameen’s Service Fee. 
 Tax Calculation shall be as per prevailing laws. 
 The transaction explained in the process are for reference purposes only. 
 The invoicing mechanism &amp; verification process may differ as per contractual arrangement from project to project.