AGREEMENT FOR CONSTRUCTION 
 
 This Agreement for c onstruction of r esidential u nit at [●] (the “Agreement” ) is entered into at Lahore on this [●] day of [●] , 2020 by and between: 
 V4 Capital , a partnership firm having its registered office at Pearl One,94-B/1, M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg III , Lahore through it authorised representative Fahad Arif Khawaja son of Khawaja Arif Mahmood, holder of CNIC No. 35202-2881321-3 , ( the “ Employer ”) which expression shall, wherever the context so requires or permits, include his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, 
 AND 
 
 Ace Works (Private) Limited , having its registered place of business at 1086, Street1, Commercial Area E-11/4 Islamabad ( the “ Contractor ”) through its duly authorised representative Usman Zafar Cheema , son of Zafar Mahmood Cheema , holder of CNIC No. 6111-1979339-9 wherever the context so requires or permits, include his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns. 
 
 ( Employer and Contractor shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, as “ Parties ”) . 
 WHEREAS : 
 
 The Employer solely and absolutely owns the real estate located at DHA, Islamabad (the “ Site ”) . 
 
 The Contractor has represented to the Employer that it is engaged in the business of and has substantial experience in, inter alia , construction, civil engineering and providing consultancy and management services for construction and civil works projects. 
 
 The Contractor has represented that it has the requisite know-how, skill, knowledge, experience and resources required for commencing and delivering the Works in entirety and that it shall be able to commence and deliver the Works as per the scheduled dates discussed and agreed between the Parties as detailed in Annexure s A and B . 
 
 Based on the representations and warranties of the Contractor contained herein, the Employer is desirous of hiring and the Contractor is desirous of providing his services for the construction of a residential unit(s) at the Site in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 Now Therefore , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, Employer and Contractor agree as follows: 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “ Agreement ” means this agreement executed between the Parties including its annexures attached hereto. 
 
 “ Approved Vendors ” means the suppliers of raw materials approved by the Employer in writing in accordance the provisions of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Bill of Quantities ” means the priced and completed bill of quantities means contained in Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Confidential Information ” mea ns any information , data or documents relating to the construction of the residential unit(s) and the Works, supplied by the Employer , electronic ally or through paper documentation , either written or oral, to the Contractor . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Confidential Information shall include , inter alia , proprietary technical and business information of the Employer, including but not limited to: (i) information in tangible or intangible form relating to released or unreleased products or services or the marketing or promotion thereof (including pricing), business policies or practices, financial condition, operations, facilities, equipment, software, procurement and/or purchasing requirements, customers (former, current, or potential), investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising data, or marketing methods and plans; (ii) patents and patent applications; (iii) techniques, designs, work schedules, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, processes, equipment, algorithms, and formulae related to current, future and/or proposed products and services, including information concerning research, development, design details, quantities and specifications; and any information received from third parties that the Contractor is obligated to treat as confidential. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor after the lapse of Defects Liability Period upon the remedying of the identified defects under Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Period ” means a period six (06) months starting from the date of Taking Over Certificate for the Contractor to remedy , remove and cure any defects identified by the Employer as contained in Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Design Documentation ” means the design documents including technical specifications, infrastructure design, conceptual design of the building(s) and public utility services and technical specification prepared and provided by the Employer to the Contractor contained in Annexure D . 
 
 “ Effective Date ” means the [ ● ] . 
 
 “ Engineer ” means, for the purposes of this Agreement , any competent person appointed by the Employer and notified to the Contractor to act as the Engineer. 
 
 “ Intended Purpose ” means the completion of the r esidential Unit free of d efects by the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to enable the Employer to run the Unit in the normal course on the basis that (i) the construction, finishing and engineering is as per the Drawings and (ii) the Works are in accordance with the relevant Technical S pecifications set out in this Agreement . 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance ” means the interest free advance given by the Employer to the Contractor in accordance with Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the guarantee submitted by the Contractor to the Employer in the form and manner prescribed by the Employer against the Mobilization Advance. 
 
 “ Payment Plan ” means the milestone-based instalment payment plan of the Total Price of the Agreement contained in Annexure E. 
 
 “ Retention Amount ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●]. 
 
 “ Scope of Works ” means the scope and details of Works, as set out in Annexure [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Schedule of Works ” means the timeline of the Works provided in Annexure [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Site ” means the property measuring approximately [●] located at [●], owned by the Employer, on which the Works/ construction of residential unit shall be undertaken and completed. 
 
 “ Taking Over Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor under Clause [●] upon the satisfactory completion of Works. 
 
 “ Term ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause [●] of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Unit ” means a single residential house in the Project to be built by the Contractor as per the specifications and terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 “ Works ” means all the work relating to excavation, construction , completion and finishing of the residential unit(s) by the Contractor in accordance with this Agreement and its Annexures including the provision of raw materials and remedying and removal of all defects identified by the Employer contained more specifically in Annexure A of the Agreement. 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four ( 24 ) hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day ; and 
 
 A reference to the headings in the Agreement is for ease of reference only and is not to be taken into account in construction or interpretatio n. 
 
 No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement . 
 
 Scope of Work 
 
 The Employer is desirous of and the Contractor has agreed to complete the construction and development of [ ● ] number of residential U nits at the Site and to perform all acts necessary and required for execution of all W orks contained and in accordance with Annexure A ( Scope of Works ) including provision of raw materials , equipment and machinery that are required for such construction as more fully specified in Annexure [ ● ] ( Bill of Quantities ) a nd the subsequent tasks for remedying and removal of any defects in the Works identified by the Employer (the “ Works ”) . 
 
 The Work shall be verified by the Employer who shall be the sole judge of the quality of Works done by the Contractor and the Employer retains the right to reject the Works if the same are not found in compliance with this Agreement, its a nnexures or any specific direction (written or oral) of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the I ntended P urpose and in accordance with timelines provided in Annexure [ ● ] . The Contractor ’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency(ies). 
 
 The Contractor ’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Contractor , or is implied by this Agreement, and all work which although not mentioned in this Agreement is necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper construction and operation of the Works . 
 
 Term 
 
 The Contractor shall complete the Works under this Agreement withi n [●] months of the Effective Date (“ Term ”). In addition to the Term of the Agreement, the Contractor shall remedy any defects within the period contained in Clause [●] ( Defects Liability Period ) below. 
 
 The Parties may extend the Term of this Agreement on such terms and conditions as mutually agreed by both Parties. 
 
 Payment 
 
 For the completion of Works in accordance with this Agreement , the Contractor shall be entitled to and the Employer shall pay to the Contractor a n of amount of Rupees [●] ( PKR [●] ) per Unit (“ Unit Price ”), amounting to a to t al of Rupees [●] ( PKR [●] ) (“ Total Price” ) . 
 
 The Contractor shall be paid in milestone-based as specified in the Payment Plan provided in Annexure E [ ● ] (“ Payment Plan ”) provided that the Contractor is able to complete the Works in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. 
 
 Upon completion of each milestone contained in Annexure C ( Schedule of Works ) , the Contractor shall issue to the Employer an invoice (including all supporting documents). The Employer shall make payments within twenty-one (21) days after verification of the invoice(s) subject to applicable deductions under this Agreement. 
 
 The Total Price shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicable taxes including withholding tax (WHT) in accordance with applicable laws . 
 
 A retention amount will be retained by the Employer at the rate of five per cent (5%) of each invoice submitted by the Contractor to the Employer (“ Retention Amount ”) to be used by the Employer for making good any work not performed in accordance with the Agreement or rectification of any defects . The Employer shall return the Retention Amount to the Contractor within One Hundred and Eighty (180) days of issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate , sucject to any deductions or adjustments, in accordance with Clause [●] of the Agreement . 
 
 Mobilization Advance and Mobilization Advance Guarantee 
 
 An interest free Mobilization Advance amounting to a total of PKR [●] (“ Mobilization Advance ”) shall be paid by the Employer to the Contractor upon submission by the Contractor of a m obilization a dvance g uarantee for the full amount of the Mobilization Advance in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer (“ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be recovered from the invoices submitted by the Contractor to the Employer at the rate of ten per cent ( 10 %) of the submitted invoice. 
 
 Performance Security 
 
 The Contractor shall provide to the Employer a performance security amounting to a total of Rupees [●] (PKR [●]) in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer ( “ Performance Security ”) at the time of signing of this Agreement. 
 
 The cost of complying with the requirements of C lause 4.7 (a) shall be borne by the Contractor . 
 
 The P erformance S ecurity shall be valid until the Contractor has executed and completed the Works and remedied any defects therein in accordance with the Agreement . No claim shall be made against the Performance Security after the issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate in accordance with Clause [ ● ] and the Performance Security s hall be returned to the Contractor within [●] days of the issue of the said Defects Liability Certiﬁcate. 
 
 Engineer 
 
 Appointment of Engineer 
 
 The Employer shall appoint a qualified and competent person to act as an Engineer for the purpose of this Agreement. 
 
 The Engineer shall carry out the duties specified in the Agreement or as instructed by the Employer from time to time. 
 
 If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property, the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of his duties and responsibilities under the Contract, instruct the C ontractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. The Engineer shall determine an addition to the Contract Price, in respect of such instruction (if needed) and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement , the Engineer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of his obligations under the Agreement . 
 
 Wherever, under the Agreement, the Engineer is required to exercise this discretion by: 
 giving his decision, opinion or consent, or 
 
 expressing his satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor 
 he shall exercise such discretion impartially within the terms of the Agreement and having regard to all the circumstances . 
 Approval, reviews and inspection by the Engineer of any part of the Works does not relieve the Contractor from his sole responsibility and liability for the supply of materials, plant and equipment for construction of the Works and their parts in accordance with the Agreement and neither the Engineer’s authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Agreement whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, any s ubcontractor, any of their representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 
 Testing &amp; Samples 
 
 All materials, workmanship and Works shall be: 
 
 of the respective kinds described in the Annexure [ ● ]/ Agreement and in accordance with the Engineer’s i nstructions, and 
 
 subject from time to time to such tests as the Engineer may require at the place of manufacture, fabrication or preparation, or on the Site or at such other place or places as may be approved by the Engineer or at all or any of such places. 
 The Contractor shall provide such assistance, labour, electricity, fuels, stores, apparatus and instruments as are normally required for examining, measuring and testing any materials and shall supply samples of materials, before incorporation in the Works for testing as may be selected and required by the Engineer. 
 All samples shall be supplied by the Contractor at his own cost if the supply thereof is clearly intended by or provided for in the Agreement or if the Engineer reasonably requires . 
 
 The cost of conducting any test (s) shall be borne by the Contractor if such test is clearly intended by or provided for in the Agreement, or if in the opinion of the Engineer , the test s are essential to determine the stability and safe operation of the Works, and its use for Intended Purpose. 
 
 Taking Over Certificate 
 
 When the whole of the Works has been substantially completed, the Contractor may give a written notice to that effect to the Employer, accompanied by a written undertaking to ﬁnish with due expedition any outstanding work during the Defects Liability Period. Such notice and undertaking shall be deemed to be a request by the Contractor for the Employer to issue a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works. 
 
 The Employer s hall, within [●] days of the date of delivery of such notice, either issue to the Contractor , a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate, stating the date on which, in the Employer’s opinion, the Works were substantially completed in accordance with the Agreement , or give instructions in writing to the Contractor specifying all the work which, in the Employer’s opinion, is required to be done by the Contractor before the issue of such Certificate. The Employer shall also notify the Contractor of any defects in the Works affecting substantial completion that may appear after such instructions and before completion of the Works speciﬁed therein. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive such Taking—Over Certiﬁcate within twenty-one (21) days of completion, to the satisfaction of the Employer , of the Works so speciﬁed and remedying any defects so notiﬁed . 
 
 The decision of the Employer as to the date of Taking-Over of the Works thereof, shall be final and binding on the Contractor . 
 Defects Liability Period 
 
 8.1 Any defects , omissions or other faults in the Works which are identified by the Employer in the Taking Over Certificate or which may be evident upon inspection and notified in writing by the Employer to the Contractor within six (06) calendar months following the date of Taking Over Certificate (“ Defects Liability Period ”) shall be made good by the Contractor at no cost to the Employer. 
 
 Completion of Outstanding Work and Remedying Defects 
 
 In order that the Works shall be in the condition required by this Agreement (except fair wear and tear), at or as soon as practicable after the Taking Over Certificate , the Contractor shall , at his cost and expenses : 
 
 complete any work which is outstanding on the date stated in the Taking Over Certificate , within such time as is instructed by the Employer, and 
 
 execute all work required to remedy d efects or damage on or before the expiry of the Defects Liability Period, including work required to remedy , cure and remove d efects or damage in other parts of the Works consequential upon the original d efect, as may be notified by the Employer. 
 
 Failure to Remedy Defects 
 
 If the Contractor fails to remedy , cure or remove any d efect or damage within a reasonable time or by such a time as reasonably determined and specified by the Employer , the Employer may (at its option): 
 
 c arry out the Work itself or through a third party , in a reasonable manner and at the Contractor ’s cost, and the Contractor shall pay to the Employer the costs incurred by the Employer in remedying the Defect or damage. 
 
 determine a reduction in any part of the Total Price which remains unpaid, if applicable. 
 
 Extension of Defects Liability Period 
 
 The Employer shall be entitled to an extension of the Defects Liability Period for the Works or a part thereof in the event the same cannot be used for the I ntended P urpose by reason of a d efect or damage. However, the Defects Liability Period shall not be extended by more than [●] months . 
 Defects Liability Certificate 
 
 The obligations of the Contractor shall not be considered completed or discharged under this Agreement until a Defects Liability Certiﬁcate is signed by the Employer and delivered to the Contractor stating the date on which the Contractor shall have completed his obligations to execute and complete the Works and remedy any defects therein to the Employer’s satisfaction. 
 
 The Defects Liability Certiﬁcate shall be given by the Employer within twenty-one (21) days after the expiration of the Defects Liability Period, or as soon thereafter as any Works instructed, pursuant to Clause [●], have been completed to the satisfaction of the Employer. 
 
 Provided that the issue of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate shall be a condition precedent to payment to the Contractor of the final payment of the Total Price . 
 
 Variation 
 
 The Employer may make any variation of the form, quality or quantity of the Works or any part thereof that may, in its opinion, be necessary or required. All such variations required by the Employer shall be binding upon the Contractor . The Contractor shall organize or re-organize its efforts and resources so as to accommodate the variations and complete the Works in time and any additional costs associated therewith shall be borne by the Employer. 
 
 In the event the Contractor proposes a variation of the form, quality or quantity of the Works or any part thereof, the same shall only be made subject to a prior written approval by Employer. 
 
 In case where the issue of an instruction to vary the Works is necessitated by some default/breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by the Contractor or for which it is, directly or indirectly, responsible, any additional cost (s) attributable to such default/breach shall be borne by the Contractor . 
 
 Extension of Time 
 
 In the event the Contractor considers itself to be entitled to any extension of the Schedule of Works in case of variation sought by the Employer under Clause [ ● ] above or due to any other reason, the Contractor shall promptly give notice to the Employer, describing the circumstance s giving rise to such claim. The Employer shall at its sole discretion evaluate such a claim and make a decision as to the extension in time of the Schedule of Works. No additional cost will be charged to the Employer by the Contractor if any such extension of time is granted, unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 Provided that in case of any major alterations , modifications , change s or amendments, which may, in the Employer’s opinion, require changes/extensions in Schedule of Works, the Parties shall mutually agree to change or extend the Schedule of Works. 
 
 
 Obligations of the Contractor 
 
 The Contractor shall execute and complete the Works in accordance with this Agreement to the complete satisfaction of the Employer. The Contractor shall be responsible for the adequacy, stability and safety of the Site operations and all methods of construction. 
 
 The Contractor shall e xecute the Works in such a manner and with utmost care and caution so as to not cause any harm or damage to the adjacent property(ies), including public pathways, roads etc. Any such damage shall be the exclusive responsibility of the Contractor and shall be repaired by the Contractor at his own expense. 
 
 The Contractor shall be solely responsible for the proper and safe storage of equipment, machinery, materials, temporary works or plants on Site and shall take all precautionary measures to safeguard the materials, machinery or equipment against theft or damage. 
 
 The Contractor shall , at all times during the Works , keep the Site clear and reasonably free from all unnecessary obstruction and shall store or dispose of any Contractor’s Equipment and surplus materials and clear away and remove from the Site any wreckage, rubbish or Temporary Works no longer required . The Contractor shall also, at the time of the expiry or termination of the Contract, remove all machinery, equipment, material, temporary works/plants from the Site and handover vacant and peaceful possession of the Site to the Employer. 
 
 Contractor ’s p ersonnel 
 
 The Contractor shall arrange for sufficient number of p ersonnel possessing the technical skill, expertise and professional experience for the effective, due, timely, diligent, honest and comprehensive execution of the Works. 
 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable security measures to protect its personnel or any other person(s) on Site. 
 
 The payment of daily wages of the Contractor ’s p ersonnel and all other remuneration, bonus, insurance etc. shall be the responsibility of the Contractor . 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any and all permissions, authorizations, approvals, licenses and permits required by the Contractor ’s p ersonnel under the l aws of Pakistan, for performing the Contractor ’s obligations under this Agreement . 
 
 The Contractor shall be solely and fully responsible and liable for the Contractor ’s Personnel’s ’ personal or public behavior and acts and/or omissions at the Site or otherwise. The Contractor shall ensure that the Contractor ’s p ersonnel are, at all times, aware of and act in compliance with any Site rules and l aws of Pakistan . 
 
 The Contractor shall pay rates of wages and observe conditions of labour not less favorable than those established for the trade or industry and prevailing labour and wage laws where the work is carried out. In the absence of any rates of wages or conditions of labour so established, the Contractor shall pay rates of wages and observe conditions of labour which are not less favorable than the general level of wages and conditions observed by other employers whose general circumstances in the trade or industry in which the Contractor is engaged are similar. The Contractor shall solve independently any disputes arising from its default in paying the employees’ salary and/or any demand raised or punishment imposed by relevant government authorities, and shall indemnify and hold the Employer harmless from any claims, loss and damage due to such disputes. 
 
 
 Contractor ’s Machinery &amp; Equipment 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for , at his cost and expense, the procurement of all raw material, machinery and equipment to be used for the Works and shall ensure that the raw material, machinery and equipment used for the Works is well suited to the Works or the relevant part thereof for which it is required. 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the safe operation, handling and storage of the raw materials, machinery and equipment at Site and shall remove the same from Site upon the completion of Works. 
 
 Insurances 
 
 The Contractor shall , at his own cost and expense , insure: 
 the Works, together with materials for incorporation therein, to the full replacement cost ; 
 an additional sum of [●] per cent of such replacement cost, to cover any additional costs of and incidental to the rectiﬁcation of loss or damage including professional fees and the cost of demolishing and removing any part of the Works and of removing debris of whatsoever nature ; 
 the Contractor ’s e quipment and other things brought onto the Site by the Contractor , for a sum sufﬁcient to provide for their replacement at the Site, 
 his employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and/or working at the Site. 
 
 The insurance C lause 9.6 (a) above shall be in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer and shall cover: 
 
 The Employer and the Contractor against all loss or damage from whatsoever cause arising, from the commencement of Work at the Site until the date of issue of the relevant Taking—Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works or any part thereof as the case may be, and 
 
 the Contractor for his liability: 
 during the Defects liability Period for loss or damage arising from a cause occurring prior to the commencement of the Defects Liability Period, and 
 or loss or damage occasioned by the Contractor in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with his obligations. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, non-disclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy. 
 Any amounts not insured or not recovered from the insurers shall be borne by the Contractor in accordance with his responsibilities under Clause [●] . 
 
 T he Contractor shall, except if and so far as the Contract provides otherwise, indemnify the Employer against all losses and claims in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, or 
 loss of or damage to any property (other than the Works), which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses whatsoever in respect there in relation thereto 
 
 The Contractor shall, without limiting his or the Employer’s obligations and responsibilities under Clause [●] , insure, in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer, against liability for death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person arising out of the performance of the Contract . 
 
 Such insurance shall be for at least the amount stated in [●] . 
 
 The insurance policy shall include a cross liability clause such that the insurance shall apply to the Contractor and to the Employer as separate insureds. 
 
 The Employer shall not be liable for or in respect of any damages or compensation payable to any workman or other person in the employment of the Contractor . 
 
 The Contractor shall insure, at its own cost and expense, against liability of accident of workmen and shall continue such insurance during the whole of the time that any persons are employed or hired by the Contractor for the execution or completion of Works or any part thereof. It shall be the sole responsibility, liability and obligation of the Contractor to insure as aforesaid under this sub-clause in such manner that the Employer is indemniﬁed under the policy, but the Contractor shall produce to the Employer, when required, such policy of insurance and the receipt for the payment of the current premium. 
 
 The Contractor shall provide evidence to the Employer prior to the start of Work at the Site that the insurances required under the Contract have been affected and shall, within [●] days / the time stated in Appendix to Contract , provide the insurance policies to the Employer. The Contractor shall affect all insurances for which he is responsible with insurers and in terms approved by the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall notify the insurers of changes in the nature, extent or programme for the execution of the Works and ensure the adequacy of the insurances at all times in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and shall, when required, produce to the Employer the insurance policies in force and the receipts for payment of the current premiums. 
 
 If the Contractor fails to effect and keep in force any of the insurances required under the Agreement , or fails to provide the policies to the Employer within the period required by s u b-cl ause [●] , then and in any such case the Employer may effect and keep in force any such insurances and pay any premium as may be necessary for the purpose and from time to time deduct the amount so paid from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor , or recover the same as a debt due from the Contractor . 
 
 In the event that the Contractor or the Employer fails to comply with conditions imposed by the insurance policies effected pursuant to the Contract, each shall indemnify the other against all losses and claims arising from such failure. 
 
 The Contractor shall be obliged to place all insurances relating to the Agreement with a reputable Insurance company of AA rating or above as approved by the Employer. 
 
 Compliance with Statutes &amp; Regulations 
 
 The Contractor shall conform in all respects, including by the giving of all notices and the paying of all fees, with the provisions of: 
 
 Any national or state statute, ordinance, or other law, or any regulation, or bye—law of any local or other duly constituted authority in relation to the, execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and 
 The rules and regulations of all public bodies and companies whose property or rights are affected or may be affected in any way by the Works, and the Contractor shall keep the Employer indemniﬁed against all penalties and liability of every kind for breach of any such provisions. Provided always that the Contractor shall responsible for obtaining any planning, zoning or other similar permission required for the Works to proceed and shall indemnify the Employer. 
 
 Provide and maintain, at his own cost and expense, all lights, guards, fences, warning signs, covers and take all other measures required and necessary for the protection of Work, Site and the personnel at Site and/or for the safety and convenience of the general public. 
 
 The Contractor shall, at all times, during the performance of the Works comply with the Laws of Pakistan including but not limited to the labour laws, environmental protection laws and occupier liability laws. 
 
 The Contractor shall, within [●] days of the receipt of the list of selected and Approved Vendors proposed and identified by the Employer, confirm in writing the Approved Vendors the Contractor will be hiring for the Works. If no such list is provided by the Employer the Contractor shall obtain the prior written consent of the Employer, before hiring any vendor(s) for the Works under this Agreement. 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer from and against any liability for damages on account of noise and disturbance created while or in carrying out work on the Site and from and against all claims demands proceedings costs charges and expenses whatsoever in regard or in relation to such liability. 
 
 Setting Out 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for: 
 
 The accurate setting-out of the Works in relation to original points, lines and levels of reference given by the Engineer in writing, 
 The correctness, subject as above mentioned, of the position, levels, dimensions and alignment of all parts of the Works, and 
 the provision of all necessary instruments, appliances and labour in connection with the foregoing responsibilities. 
 
 if, at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels, dimensions or alignment of any part of the Works, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall, at his own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer, unless such error is based on incorrect data supplied in writing by the Engineer, in which case the Engineer shall revise the Contract Price and shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer. 
 
 The checking of any setting-out or of any line or level by the Engineer shall not in any way relieve the Contractor of his responsibility for the accuracy thereof and the Contractor shall carefully protect and preserve all bench-marks, slight-rails, pegs and other things used in setting-out the Works. 
 
 If at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels dimensions, reinforcement or alignment of any part of the Works or if the Contractor uses unapproved, insufficient or rejected material, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall at his own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer. However, if such error is based on incorrect data supplied in writing by the Engineer or Employer , in such an event the Contractor shall be only entitled to all extension of time for the rectification or remedying of such error. The Engineer or Employer shall determine such extension of time and shall notify the Contractor accordingly. 
 
 Obligations of the Employer 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Clause [●], the Employer shall pay the Contractor the Total Price for the construction and c ompletion of Works. 
 
 The Employer may designate any one or more persons to act on its behalf under the Agreement, to administer the Agreement, to monitor progress by the Contractor in completion of the Works, for quality control, to monitor the Contractor ’s performance with respect to standards and environmental obligations, to verify payment applications submitted by the Contractor , if any, and other such duties as may be required to confirm the Contractor ’s fulfilment of the Agreement and to exercise the duties and rights of the Employer under the Agreement. 
 
 The Employer shall obtain and secure, at his cost and expense any and all licenses, permits, consents, planning permits, accreditations, waivers, registrations, authorizations, zoning consents, certificates and approvals, including approvals related to planning, building, construction and earthworks, drainage, transmission and distribution of water, sewage, electricity and communications, land division and partitioning, transfer of title, registration of land charges and mortgages, roads and pathways, landscaping, and environmental permits, required from any local or federal government authority(ies). 
 
 S ite Access 
 
 Upon signing of this Agreement , the Employer shall grant access to the Contractor of the Site to enable the Contractor to commence Works on the Site. In the event of delay in Site access due to an event attributable solely to the Employer, the Schedule of Works shall be adjusted accordingly. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement , the Contractor agrees and understands that the Employer is the owner in possession of the Site and shall remain the same at all times. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the ownership and Employer’s unfettered and unconditional right to enter and inspect all or any part of the Site. 
 
 
 All fossils, coins, articles of value or antiquity and structures and other remains or things of geological or archaeological interest, discovered on the Site shall be deemed to be the absolute property of the Employer. 
 
 Design Documentations 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for the preparation and delivery of the Design Documentation contained in Annexure [ ● ] D . However, t he Employer shall reserve the right at all times to make any changes/amendments/alterations to the Design Documentation and any and all such changes/amendments/alterations shall be binding on the Contractor . 
 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have scrutinised, prior to the Commence Date, the Design, Technical Specifications, calculations, data, information and all other documents provided by the Employer under this Agreement. The Employer shall not be responsible for any error, inaccuracy or omission of any kind in the documents provided by the Employer to the Contractor under this Agreement and shall not be deemed to have given any representation of accuracy or completeness of any data or informatio n . 
 
 Representations &amp; Warranties by the Contractor 
 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the Contractor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Employer. 
 
 The Contractor is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the l aws of Pakistan. 
 
 The Contractor has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any contract by which it is bound. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to Employer that it has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement . 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to the Employer that it shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations, whether local, regional or national which are applicable to any works related to or connected with performance of this Agreement , including the applicable labour and housing/construction l aws of Pakistan. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to Employer that all necessary consents, approvals, licenses, permits authorizations in connection with the provision of Works including but not limited to those from any governmental or regulatory body, agency, department, commission, board, bureau or other authority, or such other persons, as the case may be, have been sought and obtained or will be sought, obtained and maintained, by the Contractor at its own cost and expense, from the relevant authorities by or before the provision of the Works. 
 
 The Contractor is in complete compliance with all permits/licenses, NOCs including temporary permits/licenses, to provide services etc. of the nature and type under this Agreement ; and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of federal, state or local entities which may have jurisdiction over the Contractor such that any failure of compliance will not have an adverse effect on the Contractor ’s ability to enter, execute, deliver or consummate this Agreement . 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, (i) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, do not constitute a violation of any l aws of Pakistan and/or any of the Agreement /understandings which any or each of the said Parties are bound by. 
 
 There is no labour strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending or threatened against or affecting the Contractor ’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement . 
 
 No representation or warranty by the Contractor in this Agreement , nor any statement or certificate furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Contractor pursuant to this Agreement , nor any document or certificate delivered to the Employer prior or pursuant to this Agreement , or in connection with the transaction contemplated herein, contains or shall contain any false statement of material fact or omits or shall omit a material fact necessary to make the statement contained therein misleading. 
 
 The Contractor has sufficient skill, experience, technical know - how, capacity and resources, etc., necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the satisfaction of Employer. 
 
 The Contractor ’s p ersonnel shall possess all skills, experience, training, competence, guidance and motivation required for the timely and efficient execution of the Works in accordance with this Agreement , to the satisfaction of the Employer. 
 
 The Works shall be in compliance with the Design Documentation , drawings, technical specifications and shall be fit for their i ntended p urpose. 
 
 The Contractor hereby warrants, represents and undertakes that it shall ensure that it has achieved the requisite benchmarks as per the Schedule of Works. 
 
 The Works shall be performed in a due, diligent and honest manner to achieve the timely and efficient completion of the Works . 
 
 The Contractor shall ensure that the Employer’s business reputation, name and goodwill are not affected by reason of any default/breach of this Agreement caused directly or indirectly by the Contractor or its employees, agents, vendors and subcontractors. 
 
 The Contractor and the Contractor ’s p ersonnel shall ensure that the Work are conducted in a cost-efficient manner, through, inter alia , effective deployment and use of men and materials. 
 
 The Contractor and the Contractor ’s p ersonnel shall at all times provide to the Employer honest, truthful and accurate data and information pertaining to the progress and status of the Works. 
 
 The r aw m aterials, m achinery and e quipment used for the Works shall be suitable for its intended uses. The m achinery and e quipment shall be used in accordance with the recommended/prescribed instructions for use. 
 
 The Contractor agrees and acknowledges that no right or license has been granted to the Contractor in relation to the Design Documentation provided by the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor agrees and represents that it has examined the Site and its surroundings and information available in connection therewith. In this regard, the Contractor has fully satisfied itself as to the (i) the form and nature thereof, including the sub-surface conditions; (ii) the hydrological and climatic conditions; (iii) the extent and nature of w ork and materials necessary for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of defects therein; and (iv) the means of access to the Site. Additionally, in general, the Contractor shall be deemed to have obtained all necessary information as to risks, contingencies and all other circumstances which may influence or affect the performance of the Works in terms hereof. 
 
 
 Suspension of Works 
 
 Upon the occurrence, in the sole opinion of Employer, of any of the following events, the Employer may order the suspension of the Works for such time period(s) as it may in its sole discretion stipulate: 
 
 If the Contractor does not execute the Works as per the Design Documentation , Scope of Works, and/or hire and use Approved Vendors or do es not have the required quality of Works and if no corrections are made to the Works by the Contractor after written notice is given by the Employer to the Contractor ; 
 
 If there is a delay in completion of Works caused by the Contractor exceeding [●] months ( other than the agreed time extension ”; and 
 
 If the instructions of the Employer are not fulfilled/ followed by the Contractor . 
 
 Any suspension of Works at the request of the Employer, shall not in any way effect the validity of this Agreement . The Contractor shall continue to be bound by its obligations in terms hereof. 
 
 The Parties understand and agree that in the event the Works are suspended under Clause [●] above, the Parties shall mutually agree and determine any extension of time in the Schedule of Works. It is clearly understood that if the Works are suspended due to fault/ breach/ failure on the part of the Contractor , the Contractor shall be liable for any additional costs/ expenses that may be caused due to any such suspension. 
 
 Termination 
 
 The Employer may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intention to terminate. 
 
 In addition to its right under Clause [ ● ], the Employer shall be entitled to immediate termination of this Agreement under, including but not limited to, the following circumstances: 
 
 The Contractor fails to commence the Works under Clause [●]; 
 
 The Contractor fails to obtain consent of the Employer as and when required under this Agreement; 
 
 The Contractor fails to furnish any of the guarantees required under this Agreement; 
 
 The Contractor fails to comply the Design Document ation , any other annexures of this Agreement or any written or oral instructions of the Employer; 
 
 The Contractor fails to remedy , cure and remove any defects identified by the Employer; 
 
 The Contractor files for bankruptcy (voluntary or involuntary), liquidation or dissolution; 
 
 The Contractor fails to pay the liquidated damages and the liquidated damages have reached the maximum limit as specified in Clause [●]; 
 
 The Contractor is found in breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or any of the guarantees, representations and warranties given hereunder; and 
 
 The representations and warranties given by the Contractor are found to be untrue, false, inaccurate or incomplete. 
 
 
 In case of the termination of this Agreement, under C lauses [●], [●] and [●] , the Employer shall, as soon as may be practicable after any such termination determine at its sole discretion , after investigation or enquiries as he may think ﬁt to make or institute, and shall certify: 
 
 the amount (if any) has , at the time of such termination, reasonably earned by or is reasonably accrue d to the Contractor in respect of Work actually done under the Agreement ; and 
 
 the value of any of the unused or partially used raw materials, equipment and any temporary works. 
 
 Liquidated Damages 
 
 Liquidated damages will be imposed on the Contractor by the Employer at [●] per cent ( ● %) of the Total Price per day of delay beyond the Term, provided the total sum of liquidated damages during the Term shall not exceed [●] % of the Total Price. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the aforementioned liquidated damages are reasonable and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty . However, payment of the liquidated damages shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 Latent Defects 
 
 In case if there is any latent defect in the Works, for which the Contractor is proven responsible, at any time before or after the issuance of Defects Liability Period, but not later than five (5) years from the date of issuance of Defects Liability Certificate, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable for removing any such defects in the Works and accordingly be liable for damage and loss caused suffered by the Employer due to such defects. 
 
 Indemnity 
 
 The Contractor agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Employer , its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs) , whether or not involving a third party claim, which arise s out of or relate to the Contractor ’s act, omission, error or negligence or from breach of any representation or warranty of the Contractor as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfill, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Employer . 
 
 The Contractor shall, except if and so far as the Agreement provides otherwise, indemnify the Employer against all losses and claims in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, o r 
 loss of or damage to any property (other than the Works), which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses (including legal expenses). 
 
 Price Escalation 
 
 The Total Price shall not be subject to any price escalation during the Term of the Agreement due to any reason whatsoever. 
 
 Force Majeure 
 
 Either Party shall be excused from the performance of any of his obligations under this Agreement and such obligation shall be extended by a period reasonable under the circumstances if the performance thereof is prevented or delayed by industrial disputes or any cause beyond the affected Party's reasonable control which, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include acts of God, riots, wars, accidents, embargo, requisition or stoppage of works by the government. 
 
 The Party which cannot continue its obligations under the Agreement shall inform the other Party about the starting and finishing of the Force Majeure event in writing immediately but not later than ten (10) days from starting date of Force Majeure condition. If an event of Force Majeure prevents only partially the performance of either Party’s obligations under this Agreement, such Party shall remain liable for the performance of its obligations not affected by the force majeure event. 
 
 In case of occurrence of a Force Majeure event, an extension of time may be requested by the Contractor from the Employer in writing, which the Employer shall grant at his sole discretion. However, if the Force Majeure event continues for a period longer than thirty (30) days, the Parties may mutually agree to terminate this Agreement under Clause [●]. 
 
 Notices 
 
 All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or transmitted by telefax to the respective party at the following addresses: 
 Employer : Pearl One, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore. 
 Contractor : [•] 
 Or such other address as from time to time may be designated by notice from the respective party to the other party. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: (i) receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or (ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving party’s normal business hours) or next succeeding date on which the receiving party is normally open for business, if sent by telefax provided that the sender’s transmission report shows the entire facsimile to have been received by the recipient. 
 
 Subcontracting 
 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole or any part of the Works without the prior written consent of the Employer . The Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, defaults, negligence, omission etc . of such employed or hired sub-contractors . Any hiring or employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall not create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent employees or sub- Contractor s of the Contractor . 
 
 Relationship between the Parties 
 
 The Parties intend that the relationship created between them by this Agreement shall be as independent contractors . This Agreement is not to be construed in any way as creating any partnership, principal-agent, master-servant, joint venture or other similar relationship between the Parties . 
 
 Confidentiality 
 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the Confidential Information, including the existence and terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, at any time during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, unless such disclosure is required by law or where prior written consent has been given by the Employer for the disclosure of Confidential Information. 
 
 The Contractor (including through his affiliates, representatives, employees, agents etc.) shall make n o public announcement or press release or publicity of any kind whatsoever related to or in connection with the Works on behalf of the Employer without the prior written consent of the Employer. 
 
 Governing Law 
 
 This Agreement is executed pursuant to, and shall be construed under and governed exclusively by, the substantive and procedural laws of Pakistan. Each Party hereby expressly and irrevocably submits itself to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of Pakistan. 
 
 Settlement Of Disputes 
 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute through negotiation s . In the event the Parties are unable to resolve any dispute within fifteen (15) days of its arising, then the dispute will be submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three (3) arbitrators. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon both the Partie s including the decision of its costs . 
 
 Remedies 
 
 No right or remedy conferred upon or reserved to Employer or the Contractor by this Agreement is intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be cumulative of every other right or remedy. 
 Nothing herein contained shall bar either Party’s right to obtain injunctive relief against threatened conduct which may cause it to incur loss or damage, under applicable equity roles, including the applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 Entire Agreement 
 
 This Agreement and its Annexures shall constitute the entire a greement and understanding between the Parties in respect of the subject-matter hereof, and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous, oral or written, agreements, and understandings between the Parties. 
 
 Severability 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall substitute the affected provisions in such a way that to the maximum extent possible the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 Counterparts 
 
 The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Contractor 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Employer 
 Usman Zafar Cheema 
 
 Fahad Arif Khawaja 
 CNIC : 61101-1979339-9 
 
 CNIC: 35202-2881321-3 
 Dated: 
 
 
 Dated: 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Employer 
 
 Adil Kamal 
 CNIC: 
 Dated: 
 
 WITNESSED BY: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: ______________________