EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT 
 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT (the “ Contract ”) is entered into at Isl amabad on this [●] day of MERGEFIELD DOJmmddyyyy \@ "MMMM YYYY" [●] 202[●] , 
 
 BETWEEN: 
 
 Zameen Media (Pvt.) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan and having its office at Pearl One, 94-B/I, M. M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, Pakistan (the “Company”) . 
 
 AND 
 
 Ms. / Mr. [●] , daughter/son of Mr. [●] resident of [●] , having Computerized National Identity Card No. [●] (t he “ Employee ”). 
 
 (The Company and the Employee shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as the “ Parties ” and individually as the “ Party ” ) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Company is set up for the primary object of software and web development. The other activities of the Company include, for the time being, manufacturing IT related software/hardware, web hosting, office management applications, accounting software and online shopping facilities. 
 
 The Employee has acquired the necessary academic qualifications and skills in the various aspects of the Company’s industry to undertake and perform, satisfactorily, certain tasks and responsibilities. 
 
 The Company, therefore, desires to employ the services of the Employee, and the Employee desires to be employed by the Company, as MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» - MERGEFIELD Department «Department» on the terms and conditions of this Contract. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
 
 EMPLOYMENT 
 
 The Employee shall be employed as MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» - MERGEFIELD Department «Department» at the Company’s office located in MERGEFIELD Designation «city» with effect from the date first mentioned above, for a Probationary Period and Period of Employment (cumulatively, “ Term ”) as fully described in Clause 3 below. 
 
 Th e Employee may be required to perform her/his duties at other locations/countries, or to transfer to the Company’s offices in other locations during the Period of Employment. Any such transfer shall be subject to mutual agreement in writing between both Parties. 
 
 Standard working hours and days for the Employee shall be as intimated by Human Resource Department to the Employee. T he Employee shall endeavor, at all times, to remain available for the needs of the Company and requirements of an employee in the position of MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» . 
 
 The Employee shall work under the supervision of his/her Line Manager, as specified in Annexure A. 
 REMUNERATION 
 
 In consideration of the Employee rendering the services and observing and performing the covenants and obligations herein contained , the Company will pay a monthly salary of PKR MERGEFIELD Salary \#,## "0." «Salary» /- (Rupees MERGEFIELD Salary_in_words «Salary_in_words» only ) (the “Salary” ) to the Employee, as per the employee compensation and benefits package in Annexure A hereto . 
 
 The Salary shall be payable in arrears at the end of each month subject to such deductions, if any, as specified under the terms of this Contract. Withholding tax or any other applicable taxes shall be deducted from the Salary. 
 
 The Company shall be entitled to deduct any money that is owed by the Employee to the Company at any time , from the Salary and /or other benefits payable to the Employee by the Company . 
 
 TERM AND RENEWAL 
 
 The Employee shall serve a Probationary Period (the “Probationary Period” ) of t hree (0 3 ) months starting from the date of this Contract or till such time that the Employee is notified in writing that he/she has been confirmed as a permanent employee. During the Probationary Period, the Employee's suitability for employment shall be assessed at the Company's discretion. 
 
 Should the employment continue after the Probationary Period, the duration of this Contract shall be for an unspecified period (the “ Period of Employment ”). The Period of Employment shall start from the date of written confirmation ( the “Commencement Date ” ) and shall continue unless terminated in accordance with Clause 10. 
 
 EMPLOYEE CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
 The Employee shall be bound at all times by and shall strictly comply with the Company’s policies, rules and regulations, includin g inter alia t he Company’s service rules and/or human resource internal policy , the Company’s cash handling policies and standard operating procedures including but not limited to the (i) Standard Operating Procedure for Refund of Token and (ii) the Standard Operating Procedure for Receipt of Conditional Token , or any other policies and /or standard operating procedures as implemented , updated, modified, amended and adopted from time to time by the Company at its sole discretion (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “ Company Policies ” ) . The Company Policies, available at all times on the Company’s HR portal accessible to all employees, shall be an integral part of this Contract, by virtue of reference or incorporation. 
 
 In addition to the obligations of the Employee herein contained, the duties of the Employee shall include all such duties as are normally expected of a n MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» - MERGEFIELD Department «Department» , for a business carrying on the activity of a real estate portal and other connected and related activities as set out in Recital (A). 
 
 The Employee shall, at all times, exercise reasonable professional skill and care in the performance of his/her duties, and shall comply with all applicable laws, including any duties implied by law . 
 
 The Employee shall perform tasks and undertake responsibilities under the direction and supervision of her/his Line Manager and she/he will carry out the duties and assignments entrusted to her/him from time to time. 
 
 The Employee shall discharge her/his duties and responsibilities efficiently and diligently to the satisfaction of the Company and shall promote the interests of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall strictly perform, observe and conform to such duties and instructions as communicated from time to time by the Company and shall not act in any manner contrary to the interests of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall report any wrongdoing committed by her/him or any other employee to her/his immediate superior or Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 The Employee hereby gives consent to the Company to monitor and record the exchange of any communications, information or data through the Company's electronic systems. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is necessary for the purpose of ensuring compliance with the Company policies, as may be implemented , updated, modified, amended and adopted from time to time, misuse of Company facilities, breach of confidentiality or any other term of this Contract. 
 
 The Employee shall be advised from time to time in writing of the extent and scope of her/his authority in dealing with third parties and shall work within the scope of such authority. In the absence of any specific express written authority, the Employee shall not make any promise(s) and/or commitment (s) for and on behalf of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall not, at any time, except in the case of illness, absent herself/himself from her/his duties without the prior written consent of the Company. In case of illness, the Employee shall inform the Company at the first opportunity and provide the Company details of any illness along with supporting materials, such as medical certificates and advice. 
 
 The Employee shall, at all times, both within and outside of working hours conduct herself/himself in a proper and fitting manner towards the Company and its customers and duly and properly observe, obey, comply with and adhere to, in all respects, all Company policies (as may be amended from time to time), local laws, rules and regulations for the time being in force. 
 
 The Employee shall not engage directly or indirectly in any other occupation during the Term of this Contract. 
 
 The Employee shall n ot, at any time, misrepresent, make any false or misleading statement relating to the Company and/or its business , and shall uphold the interests of the Company to the best of her/his ability and shall do nothing to prejudice such interests at any time, either during the Term of this Contract or after termination/expiry hereof. 
 
 The Employee may be required, upon instructions from her /h is supervisor, to assist the Company’s customer in the payment process pertaining to various real estate projects. In this instance, the Employee may be required to collect payment (s) from the buyer(s) of any property and submit the said payment with the finance department or deposit the same in the concerned bank account of the relevant customer of the Company and furnish receipt thereof , as the case may be . The Employee shall be under an obligation, at all times, to abide by the provisions of the Company Policies and SOPs , especially with regard to the payment process. 
 
 The Employee agrees that she/he shall keep the contents of this Contract , its annexures (incorporated expressly or by reference), subsequent renewals and/or any related documents confidential. 
 
 The Employee understands and agrees that the Company shall provide training opportunities and programmes in order to develop and enhance the job skills , and competencies of the Employee. In this respect, provided the Employee expresses her/ his desire to avail the aforesaid training (s) , the Employee shall execute suitable negotiable instrument (s) in favour of the Company . 
 
 INVENTIONS &amp; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 
 The Employee hereby assigns to the Company all rights, including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights associated with any ideas, concepts, techniques, inventions, processes, works of authorship, Confidential Information or trade secrets: 
 
 conceived, developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, during the Term of her/his employment with the Company; 
 
 that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during the Term of this Contract that relate to the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities, or the actual or anticipated research or development of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or the predecessors of any such entities; 
 
 that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during the Term of this Contract that are made through the use of any of the finances, equipment, facilities, supplies, trade secrets or time of the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities, or that result from any work the Employee performs for the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities; or 
 
 developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, at any time before the signing of this Contract, that relate to or involve the Company’s businesses (including, inter alia the business of the Company group, i.e. Emerging Markets Property Group (the “ Company Group ”)). 
 
 (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall collectively be  " Work Product " ) 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent possible, all software, compilations and other original works of authorship included in the Work Product will be considered a work made for hire. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee for any reason retains any right, title or interest in or relating to any Work Product, the Employee agrees promptly to assign, in writing and without any requirement of further consideration, all such right, title, and interest to the Company. Upon request of the Company at any time during or after the Employment Period, the Employee will take such further actions, including execution and delivery of instruments of conveyance, as may be appropriate to evidence, perfect, record or otherwise give full and proper effect to any assignments of rights under or pursuant to this Contract. The Employee will promptly disclose to the Company any such Work Product in writing. 
 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 The Employee shall not at any time, whether during the Term of this Contract or after termination hereof for any reason whatsoever, disclose, divulge, make public, impart or make use of any Confidential Information for the use of the Employee or for any other purpose or to anyone other than as directed by or with the consent of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall not, except in the proper course of her/his duties under this Contract, remove from the premises of the Company or copy or allow others to copy any information , contents of any document, computer disk, tape or other tangible or intangible item (s) or files which contain any Confidential Information or which belongs to the Company, acquired directly or indirectly during the course of the employment. 
 
 For the purpose of this Contract, the term “ Confidential Information ” shall mean any information which is not known to the public (including, without limitation, any information, content, design, letter, advice, email, fax, memorandum, contract, plans, report, presentations, research, analysis, summary, training materials , trade secrets, business strateg ies , customers’ and buyers’ details, Work Product or any other document, including all drafts thereof, whether in hard-copy or electronic file format or any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information) furnished by the Company in good faith under the reasonable belief or express instructions that it shall be in fact treated as confidential. It shall also include any written or verbal information relating to the business or the affairs of: 
 
 the Company, its subsidiaries, associated companies and affiliates; 
 
 clients of the Company, including any prospective client(s) of the Company, their subsidiaries, associated companies and affiliates; and/or 
 
 any company, firm or person with which the Company, its subsidiaries, associated companies or affiliates, may at any time be in commercial or technical co-operation or association; 
 
 For the sake of clarification and without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically stated that the term “Confidential Information” shall include (i) business connections, client details, contracts, payment details, services packages; and (ii) Company’s strategy, business/investment/marketing plans and Company’s financial information. 
 
 The Employee acknowledges that by virtue of being an employee of the Company, she/he will, at a minimum, be provided and/or have access to Confidential Information relating to trade secrets, business connections, customer(s) and/or buyer(s) details, contracts, payment details, services packages, Company’s strategy, business/investment/marketing plans and Company’s financials and said information has business and financial value to the Company and constitutes its trade secrets. In consideration of such provision or access, the Employee agrees that after termination/expiry of this Contract, she/he shall not disclose such trade secrets to anyone in any manner or capacity whatsoever . 
 
 
 NON-COMPETITION &amp; NON-SOLICITATION 
 
 The Employee covenants that, during the Period of Employment and up to one year after termination/expiry of this Contract under Clause 10, or such other maximum period as may be permitted under law, she/he shall not, in the geographical area of [●] (the “Territory” ): 
 
 compete with the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies in any way whatsoever, directly or indirectly, including without limitation as a shareholder, owner, partner, employee, agent or consultant of another competing business; 
 
 shall not in any way whatsoever, directly or indirectly, give service, information or advice, or in any way become connected with any other company, firm or person engaged in the business similar to that being done by the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies including those specified in Recital (A) or any business incidental and/or allied thereto. This will specifically include the entities mentioned in Annexure-B or in any Company Policies ; 
 
 solicit or endeavour to entice away from or discourage any dealing with the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies by any person who was, at any time during the period of one year preceding the date of termination/expiry, a supplier, vendor, contractor, customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies or endeavour to influence in any way the relationship between any supplier, vendor, contractor or employee and the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies , including any prospective supplier, vendor, contractor, client or customer of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies , of which the Employee has knowledge, idea or awareness due to his employment; 
 
 supply or provide any goods or services to any person who was, at any time during the period of one year preceding the date of termination/expiry, a supplier, contractor, customer or client of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies , including any prospective supplier, contractor or client of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies , of which the Employee has knowledge, idea or awareness due to his employment; 
 
 recruit, solicit, induce or attempt to induce, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies to terminate their employment with, or otherwise cease their relationship with, the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies , whether or not such person would be in breach of contract by reason of such termination; 
 
 take any action which is prejudicial to the name, business and/or trading position of the Company or any of its affiliates or group companies which would or could cause damage to the Company or any employee of the Company. 
 
 In this regard, the Employee specifically acknowledges and agrees that the aforementioned restrictive covenants shall apply in respect of the entities listed in Annexure-B or in any relevant Company Policies (including the policies of its subsidiaries, associate d companies , affiliates and any entities in which the same have any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest or with which they have any strategic business relationships) . 
 
 
 In case the Employee is in breach of Clause 6 and/or 7, the Company shall be entitled to resort to all available legal remedies , whether criminal , administrative and/or civil, to enforce its contractual rights against the Employee and any person connected thereto and in particular, to seek injunction from a competent forum against the Employee or any other relevant person(s) for the effective enforcement of the aforementioned covenants. 
 
 The Employee fully understands and agrees to the covenants stated in Clauses 6 and 7 and acknowledges that in view of the applicable laws, the same are reasonable in order to protect the Company’s legitimate financial and business interests. 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Without prejudice to the rights under Clauses 8.2 and 8.3, in the event of breach or violation of Clauses 6 or 7 of the Contract, the Employee undertakes and hereby agrees to indemnify the Company, i.e. Zameen Media (Pvt.) Limited, for a minimum amount of PKR [ ] (Rupees [ ] only) (the “ Indemnity Amount ”). 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Contract , the Employee shall indemnify and forever hold harmless the Company from and against any and all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages, claims , losses and any other amounts whatsoever incurred or resulting from or arising in the event of breach or violation of Clauses 6 or 7 of the Contract or due to any act or omission or negligence of the Employee in respect of h er /h is obligation s under this Contract. In this regard, the Employee undertakes and hereby agrees to indemnify the Company, i.e. Zamee n Media (Private) Limited, for a minimum amount of PKR [ ] ([ ]) (the “Lost Payment Indemnity” ). The Lost Payment Indemnity shall be in addition to and separate from the Indemnity Amount specified in Clause 8.1 herein above . 
 
 For payment of the Indemnity Amount and the Lost Payment Indemnity , the Employee shall execute suitable negotiable instrument(s) in favor of the Company. 
 
 The Company shall also be entitled , and the Employee authorizes the Company, to recover and /or set off the Indemnity Amount and Lost Payment Indemnity from any amounts due to the Employee including end of service benefits. 
 
 The provision(s) of the aforesaid instrument(s) and indemnification by the Employee is without prejudice to the rights of the Company under Clauses 8. 1 and 8. 2 above. Further, the Indemnity Amount and Lost Payment Indemnity are not by way of a cap and in case of any losses/damages/costs incurred or suffered by the Company in excess of the Indemnity Amount or the Lost Payment Indemnity , the Employee shall remain liable for any such losses/damages/costs and the Company shall be entitled to recover the same through all available legal means. 
 
 
 
 
 CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
 
 At the time of signing of this Contract, the Employee declares , confirms and warrants that she/he has no obligations to any prior employer or other person or organization which may interfere with her/his performance at the Company, result in any conflict of interest for the Company, its affiliates , associated companies or clients. The Employee further confirms that she/he has no commitments or restrictions as a result of past or present consulting agreements, assignments, directorships, ownership, or other position or connection with any other organization, and shall not enter into such commitments or assignments without prior written approval of the Company. 
 
 The Employee agrees to disclose any matter urgently to the Company including matters relating to her/his family if it involves conflict of interest between her/his personal commitments and her/his obligations under this Contract. 
 
 The Employee shall not , during the course of her/his employment, directly or indirectly accept any commission, rebate, discount, incentive, gratuity or any other benefit(s) in cash or in kind, from any person, partnership or company who has or is likely to have any sort of relationship with the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries or associated entities. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 During the Probationary Period, the Company may terminate the Contract with or without cause with immediate effect by serving a notice of termination on the Employee. In such a case, the Company will not be obligated to pay the Employee any amount(s) including any Salary or compensation. 
 
 During the Period of Employment, either Party may terminate the Contract without cause by serving upon the other one (01) months’ notice in writing or in lieu thereof, paying to the other an amount equal to one (01) month’s salary of the Employee. 
 
 The Company is also entitled to dismiss the Employee at any time without notice or payment in lieu thereof, if the Employee: 
 
 commits a serious breach of h er /h is obligations as an Employee; 
 
 the requirements of any regulatory body whose consent is required to undertake h er /h is appointment are not complied with; 
 
 ceases to be eligible to work in the Pakistan and/or is declared bankrupt. 
 
 is habitually late and absent without permission and is unable to provide a satisfactory explanation of the same or overstays leave without permission; 
 
 has other employment(s) which has not been disclosed to the Company at the time of execution of this Contract ; 
 
 is incapacitated or is caught by any mental disease which undermines his/her capacity to perform h er /h is duties in Company; 
 
 is convicted of any criminal offence under Pakistan Penal Code, 1860 or any applicable law which carries imprisonment along with it; 
 
 ceases to hold professional qualification; or 
 
 
 in the reasonable opinion of Company, the Employee is found negligent and /or incompetent in performance of h er /h is duties or is guilty of misconduct, moral turpitude, mal practices, misrepresentation, or any fraud or dishonest acts which are adverse or detrimental to the interests of Company. 
 
 Nothing in this Clause shall prevent the Company from terminating the Contract in case of breach of this Contract . 
 
 The termination of the Contract shall not affect in any way the obligations of the Employee under Clauses 5, 6, 7 and 8 hereof which obligations shall continue to be fully binding on the Employee notwithstanding such termination. 
 
 The exercise of termination rights shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other remedies that may be available to the Company and the exercise of such rights shall not relieve the Employee of the obligations incurred till the date of such termination, or relieve the Employee from liability and damages for breach of the Contract . 
 
 The right of Company to terminate the Contract is without prejudice to any other rights that it might have under the applicable law s . 
 
 On termination of the Contract the Employee shall immediately (a) deliver to the Company all the documents, records, books containing Confidential Information, information relating to business affairs and any copies of the foregoing , mobile phone, computer, and any keys, which are in the possession of Employee or under h er /h is control; and (b) delete all Confidential Information from any computer disks, tapes or other re-usable material in her/ his possession or under her/ his control and destroy all other documents and tangible items and properties in her/ his possession or under her/ his control, which contain or refer to any Confidential Information , in presence of the Company official .s 
 
 The Employee shall not at any time after termination, represent himself as connected with the Company in any capacity or manner whatsoever . 
 
 If upon or after the termination of employment for any reason whatsoever, the Employee is or becomes indebted to the Company in any sum or sums of money, the Company shall have the right to retain and set off against the amount of such indebtedness the whole or any part of the money then or thereafter becoming due to the Employee. The forgoing right shall be in addition and without prejudice to all other rights, powers and remedies of the Company to recover or obtain payment of the amount of such indebtedness. 
 
 NON-ASSIGNMENT 
 
 The Employee shall not assign the benefit of the Contract to any third person and shall not delegate to a third person the duties to be performed by her/ him under the Contract . 
 
 SEVERABILITY 
 
 In the event that any provision in the Contract , under applicable law be held illegal or void, such provision shall be considered severable and the remaining clauses and provisions of this Contract shall continue in full force and effect. In such case, the Parties shall make every effort to replace the ineffective provision with a new provision which has the same effect, or as approximate effect as possible, as the said provision. If the Parties cannot agree to such new provision, either Party shall be entitled to terminate the Contract with immediate effect. 
 
 WAIVER 
 
 Failure of either Party to insist upon the strict and punctual performance of any provision herein shall not constitute a waiver of the right to require such performance, nor shall a waiver in one (1) case constitute a waiver with respect to a later breach whether of similar nature or otherwise. Nothing in the Contract shall prevent a Party from enforcing its rights by such remedies as may be available in addition to termination. 
 
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Contract , along with all Annexure s and all Company policies ( as implemented , updated and amended from time to time), constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and, upon its effectiveness, shall supersede all prior agreements, contracts understandings and arrangements, both oral and written, between the Employee and the Company (or any of its affiliates or associated companies ) with respect to such subject matter. This Contract may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Contract may not be modified in any way unless by a written instrument signed by both the Company and the Employee. 
 
 EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION 
 
 The Contract is made at MERGEFIELD Designation «city» and the Courts at MERGEFIELD Designation Islamabad/Rawalpindi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of all matters arising under or pertaining to th is Agreement. 
 
 NOTICES 
 
 All notices required or contemplated under the Contract shall be given in writing by registered mail, acknowledgement due, to the following: 
 
 If to the Company: Company address stated above (courier or registered mail only) 
 
 If to the Employee: Employees address stated above (courier or registered mail only) 
 
 TAX LIABILITY 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Contract , tax liability, if any, shall be the exclusive responsibility of the Employee, and the Employee hereby authorizes the Company to make any tax deduction and tax withholdings, at any time, from her/ his salary and benefits as may be required by law or local regulations. Similarly, if an obligation is placed by any other statute/law at any point of time on the Company to deduct from the Employee’s Salary and deposit as prescribed, the Company may do so. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Contract , having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 
 SIGNED 
 
 
 
 _____________________________ _____________________________ 
 For and on behalf of Employee For and on behalf of Company 
 
 [NAME] [NAME] 
 Date: Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSED 
 
 
 
 _____________________________ _____________________________ 
 
 Name: Name: 
 CNIC: CNIC: 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS PACKAGE 
 DESIGNATION 
 MERGEFIELD Designation Maintenance Officer - MERGEFIELD Department Administration 
 ANNUAL SALARY COMPENSATION 
 Compensation 
 Amount (PKR) 
 Amount in Words 
 Basic Salary 
 MERGEFIELD Basic_Salary \#,## ".0" 13,200 
 MERGEFIELD Basic_Salary_in_words Thirteen Thousand Two Hundred 
 House/Rent Allowance 
 MERGEFIELD HouseRent_Allowance \#,## ".0" 6,600 
 MERGEFIELD HouseRent_Allowance_in_words Six Thousand Six Hundred 
 Miscellaneous Allowances 
 MERGEFIELD Miscellaneous \#,## ".0" 2,200 
 MERGEFIELD Miscellaneous_in_words Two Thousand Two Hundred 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NON-CASH BENEFITS 
 Benefit 
 Description 
 Leaves per year 
 Annual Leave 
 
 As per company policy 
 Casual Leave 
 
 As per company policy 
 Sick Leave 
 
 As per company policy 
 Health Insurance 
 As per Company policy, as amended from time to time. 
 Provident Fund 
 As per Company policy, as amended from time to time. 
 Mobile 
 As per Company policy, as amended from time to time. 
 Laptop 
 As per Company policy, as amended from time to time. 
 
 
 ANNEXURE-B 
 
 LIST OF ENTITIES 
 1) [ ]; 
 2) [ ]; 
 3) [ ]; 
 4 [ ]. 
 The Company is entitled at its sole discretion to add other entities to the above list and notify the same in writing via the Company’s central HR portal to the Employee.