Agreement No. CS/

521

AGREEMENT TO SELL
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASED UNIT

PROJECT DETAILS

Developer:

Mall 35, Pearl One 94-B/ 1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Name of Project:

Mall35

Location:

Plot No. 35/ A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi

UNIT DETAILS

Unit Number:
Unit Type:

Commercial Shop

Area of Unit:

- - - - - - - sq. ft.

Purchase Price (PKR):
Rupees (In words):

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 1 of24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
This Agreement to Sell is entered into at Lahore on this _ _ _ _ _ _ day of_ _ _ _ _ 20 _

by and between:

Mall35, a partnership firm, with its office at Pearl One, 94 B/1, MM Alam Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore ("DEVELOPER" which

expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) of the
ONE PART
AND
(i) BUYER NAME:

Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - -- - - - - - - E x p i r y D a t e : - - - - - -- - - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)--

Mobile:

- - - - - - - - - E-mail=- - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - -

-

- - - --

- - - {Office) - - - - - - - - - - -

(ii) JOINT BUYER NAME:
Father's/Husband's Name:
CNIC/NICOP:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - E x p i r y D a t e : - - - - - - -- - -

Current Address:

Telephone:

(Residence)-- - - - - - - -- -

Mobile:

- - - - - - ---E-mail= - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

(Office) - -- - - - - - - - - -

(iii) ENTITY NAME:

0 Partnership

0 Company (private) 0

Registration No.:

Company (public)

0 Sole Proprietorship

NTN: - - - - - - -- - - - - -

Registered Address:
Telephone:
Authorized Representative: - - - - - - - - - - -- - - -

CNIC: - - - - - - - - - - - - -

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ E-mail: _ _ _ _ _ _ __ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

Mobile

(individually, or in the case ofjoint Buyers, collectively referred to as "Buyer", which expression shall, where the context so
admits, mean and include his/her or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, Nominees, successors-in-interest,
permitted transferees and permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 2 of24

WHEREAS
{A)

The Developer is developing a real estate project named and styled as 'Mall 35', comprising of inter alia
commercial shops, restaurants and hotel apartments, located at Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road,
Rawalpindi Cantt., Rawalpindi {"Project");

{B)

The Buyer has seen the plan for the Project and the Floor Plan of the Project and desires to purchase the
commercial shop as described in Description of Purchased Unit ("Purchased Unit"); and

{C)

The Developer has agreed to construct and sell the Purchased Unit to the Buyer on the terms and conditions
of this Agreement to Sell.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows, intending to be legally bound, agree to the following terms and conditions:

SCOPE AND INTERPRETATION
1.

For the consideration provided in this Agreement to Sell {defined below), including without limitation the
Purchase Price, the Developer will construct and sell rights in the Purchased Unit to the Buyer in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement along with all documents attached hereto, as may be
amended from time to time. Provided that where there is more than one person or entity as the "Buyer", then
the obligations of the persons or entities in relation hereto shall be joint and several.

2.

The following documents {duly acknowledged) together shall constitute the complete and exclusive
agreement between the Parties hereto in respect of the sale and purchase of the Purchased Unit, all of which
shall form an integral part of the Agreement {the "Agreement").

3.

{i)

Description of Purchased Unit

{ii)

This Agreement to Sell

{iii)

General Terms and Conditions

(iv)

Nominees

{v)

Undertaking by the Buyer for compliance with the Rules

{vi)

Attachment A: Payment Plan

{vii)

Attachment B: Purchased Unit Floor Plan

{viii)

Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof.

The documents enumerated in Clause 2 above shall be taken as mutually explanatory, and in the event of
any conflict, ambiguity or discrepancy, unless otherwise specified, priority shall be given to the General
Terms and Conditions, followed by the Payment Plan, and Description of Purchased Unit. Any terms used
as defined terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the General Terms and Conditions. The rules
of interpretation set out in the General Terms and Conditions shall apply to all documents fo rming the
Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 3 of24

BUYER'S WARRANTIES
4.

The Buyer confirms having read and understood, and agrees to comply with t his Agreement and by any
f urther terms and conditions as may be prescribed from time to time by the Developer.

5.

The Buyer confirms and warrants that all details provided by the Buyer in t his Agreement are t rue and correct
in all respect s.

6.

The Buyer confi rms and warrants that the Buyer (and where t here is more than one Buyer, each such Buyer) has
the requisite capacity and authority to enter into the Agreement and to perform the obligations hereunder.

ARBITRATION
7.

Any dispute or difference as to t he Agreement or any part thereof or any matter or thing of whatsoever
nature arising thereunder or in relation thereto between the Developer and the Buyer that cannot be
resolved t hro ugh mutual agreement may be referred to arbitration in accordance with the General Terms and
Conditions.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fuLLy understood the condit ions set forth
therein, of their own free wiLL, in the presence of witnesses:

SIGNED

Forand onbeha~ofBUYER

For and on behalf of JOINT BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

WITNESSED

For and on behalf of BUYER

For and on behalf of DEVELOPER

Name: ---------------------------

Name: ---------------------------

CN IC/N ICOP: - - - - - - - - - -

CNIC/ NICOP:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 4 of24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1.

Unless inconsistent with the context, the following words will have the meanings assigned below:

Agreement

means the Agreement to Sell, including these General Terms and Conditions as well as
all documents enumerated in Clause 2 of the agreement to sell, as may be amended or
supplemented by the Developer from time to time at its sole discretion.

Agreement to Sell

means the Agreement to Sell entered into between the Developer and the Buyer to which
these General Terms and Conditions are appended.

Adjusted Amount

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 3.3 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Buyer

means the person or persons identifled as the Buyer in the Agreement to Sell and his/ her
or their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, permitted transferees
and permitted assigns. Where there is more than one Buyer, references to one Buyer
shall be to such persons jointly and severally.

Common Areas

means those parts of the Project not physically forming a part of any Unit and are
intended for the common use of all occupants or owners of Units, including inter alia all
open areas, elevators, administrative office areas, security system, lobbies, Parking Area
and hallways.

Common Facilities

means all roads, pavements, water features, installations, elevators, power backup
equipment, security system, tube-well motors, improvements and common assets of
the Common Areas that are intended for facilitating all occupants and owners of Units
and do not form part of any given Unit.

Competent Authority

means any federal, provincial, capital or l ocal government or authority, department,
local, regulatory, statutory or housing authority, including the Office of the Cantonment
Board Rawalpindi, Office of the Military Estates Offlcer Rawalpindi, and any other
authority which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement.

Completion or Estimated
Completion Date

means the date or expected date communicated by the Developer as the date or
expected date on which the Purchased Unit will be ready for handover of possession

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 5 of 24

to the Buyer, subject to the Buyer complying with his/her obligations inter alia as per
Clause 4 (Construction and Possession of Purchased Unit) of these General Terms and
Conditions.
Completion Notice

means a written notice sentto the Buyer by the Developercommunicatingthe Completion
Date.

Component Materials

means inter alia steel, cement, diesel, labour or any other material used for construction
and finishing of the Project.
means Mall 35, a partnership firm, with its office at Pearl One, 94 B/ 1, MM Alam Road,

Developer

Gulberg Ill, Lahore.
Down Payment

means the amount paid by the Buyer under the Agreement to Sell, equal to 30% (thirty
percent) of the Purchase Price (defined below) of the Purchased Unit, as shown in the
Payment Plan.
means the date on or before which any payment or instalment in the Payment Plan is

Due Date

required to be paid by the Buyer to the Developer in the designated bank account.
Event of Force Majeure

has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 13.1 of these General Terms and Conditions.

Instalment Payment

means any payment to be made by the Buyer as per the Payment Plan (defined below).
For the avoidance of doubt, Instalment Payment may, subject to Clause 3.3, include any
applicable Adjusted Amount.

Management Company

means the entity or entities, which may include the Developer, any of its affiliates or
associated companies or any other company (and their respective successors in interest
and assigns) charged with the maintenance, operation or management of the Project
or any part thereof, including inter alia Parking Area, Common Areas and/ or Common
Facilities.
means such person, as may be nominated by the Buyer as the person who may facilitate

Nominee

in the transfer of rights and obligations of the Buyer under the Agreement to Sell to the
legal heirs in the event of demise of the Buyer.
Parking Area

means the demarcated parking area for the exclusive use of visitors and occupants of
the Project, the exact position whereof is to be allocated on or before the Completion
Date.
means the Developer or t he Buyer, whereas Parties means both.

Party

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 6 of24

Payment Plan

means the Payment Plan in Attachment A of the Agreement to Sell, setting out the Due
Date, quantum and schedule of Installment Payments of the Purchase Price to be paid
by the Buyer to the Developer.

Permitted Use

means the permissible nature and use of the Purchased Unit as per the Unit type specified
in the Description of the Purchased Unit, strictly in accordance with the Rules (defined
below).

Project

means the real estate project, named and styled as 'Mall 35', approved and sanctioned
by the Office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, being constructed and developed by
the Developer on Plot No. 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt. Rawalpindi.

Purchase Price

means the total amount identified in the Payment Plan in Attachment A ofthe Agreement
to Sell as the purchase price of the Purchased Unit payable by the Buyer in accordance
with the Payment Plan, together with any Adjusted Amount which may be payable under
Clause 3.3.

Purchased Unit

means the specific commercial shop, as shown in the Purchased Unit Floor Plan, which
the Buyer has contracted to purchase pursuant to this Agreement.

Purchased Unit Floor Plan means the floor plan of the Purchased Unit and its location as shown in Attachment B to
the Agreement to Sell.

Rules

means such rules, as amended from time to t ime, as may be framed by t he Developer and/
or the Management Company setting out the Buyer's rights and obligations in relation to
the use, occupancy, layout, maintenance, design and display of the Purchased Unit.

Service Charges

means the amount payable by the Buyer to the Management Company on a biannual basis in advance as the proportionate contribution towards the management,
administration, maintenance and control of the Purchased Unit, Common Areas,
Common Facilities and Parking Area, which amount shall be determined and prescribed
from time to time by the Management Company provided that Service Charges shall
always be reasonable, based on market standards and as per fair market rates. The first
such Service Charge shall be payable in advance as per Clause 3.1(ii).

Taxes

means any federal, provincial or local taxes or levies payable on any component used for
the construction of the Purchased Unit (including the Component Materials) or, where
the contexi. j:>ermits, applicable on the sale or lease thereof, as may be prescribed or
levied from time to time by any Competent Authority.

Unit

means any one or more commercial shop, restaurant or the hypermart in the Project,
including the Purchased Unit.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

1.2.

Except where the context otherwise requires, references in the Agreement to:

(i)

An Article, Clause, attachment, or paragraph are references to an Article, Clause, attachment or
paragraph of the Agreement or the relevant document comprising the Agreement;

(ii)

Any headings in the Agreement are for ease of reference only and are not to be taken into account in
construction or interpretation;

(iii)

Any statute or other legislative provision shall be read to include any statutory or legislative
modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof;

(iv)

Words denoting one gender shall include all other genders;

(v)

Words denoting singular shall, where the context permits, include plural;

(vi)

Any reference to a date or time is to such date and time in Islamabad, Pakistan;

(vii)

Any reference to a Party shall, where the context permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest
and permitted assigns;

(viii)

No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible
for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement;

(ix)

Use of the terms "including", "include" or "includes" shall be interpreted to be followed by the phrase
"without limitation", unless otherwise specified;

(x)

An obligation on a Party to do any act, matter or thing include an obligation to procure that it is done
and words placing a Party under a restriction include an obligation not to permit or allow infringement
of the restriction.

(xi)

"law" includes any law, by-law, regulation (including any rule, official directive, request or guideline),
legislation (including delegated legislation), constitution, decree, judgment, court order/ authority of
competent jurisdiction, ordinance, statute, treaty or other legislative measure of any governmental
body or any Competent Authority;

(xii)

Where there is a reference to "sell", "sale" or other transfer of rights in any Unit by the Developer to the
Buyer, such term refers to a sale of the Developer's rights relating to the Purchased Unit concerned,
including the right to occupy and use such Unit and, where applicable, transfer those rights all upon
and subject to the General Terms and Conditions.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 8 of24

2.

SALE OF PURCHASED UNIT

The Developer confirms that it has the necessary rights and title to the Project, to construct the Project and to sell
the Purchased Unit and that it has received requisite approvals from Competent Authorities for the development and
construction of the Project. Further, the Developer agrees to construct the Project and sell the Purchased Unit to the
Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase the Purchased Unit from the Developer, strictly in accordance with the Agreement
and the terms and conditions thereof.

3.

PAYMENT
3.1.

The consideration for construction and transfer of possession of the Purchased Unit by the Developer shall be
subject to the following:
(i)

Payment of each Instalment Payment by the Buyer on or before the relevant Due Date along with any
applicable Adjusted Amount such as to constitute the entire Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit, as
more fully described in the Payment Plan Attachment A of the Agreement;

(ii)

Payment of Service Charges by the Buyer at the time of possession of the Purchased Unit , unless
otherwise specified, to be determined as per fair market rates;

(iii)

Payment by the Buyer of all, electricity, water, or other utility and meter connection charges, as per
applicable laws, as and when due;

(iv)

Payment by the Buyer of all applicable (if any) allotment, transfer, sub-lease, land registration,
membership and other fees, stamp duties, levies, taxes, TIP tax, CVT, CGT or any other charges
whatsoever for registration or transfer of the Purchased Unit in the name of the Buyer;

(v)

In the event that the Buyer chooses to have his/her rights recorded in the relevant land registry, then
completion of any and all formalities by the Buyer in relation thereto; and

(vi)

The Buyer's formal written undertaking to abide by all Rules and all other rules or regulations
prescribed by any Competent Authority as may be applicable on the Purchased Unit, and to make all
payments of duties, taxes, levies and charges whatsoever as may be applicable on the Purchased Unit
or the Buyer's ownership thereof or other rights therein.

3.2.

Both the Parties agree that the Purchase Price does not include any costs associated with the recording of
any rights in the Purchased Unit in the name of the Buyer, including the registration and stamping of the sale/
purchase documentation or a,~y other fee or charge (if any) as envisaged under Clause 3.l(iv) which shall be
payable separately by the Buyer.

Buyer's initials

-

-

- -----

Developer's initials

Page 9 of24

3.3.

The Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit shall remain [lxed under this Agreement. However, the Purchase
Price may be adjusted if, between the date of signing of this Agreement and the Completion Date, there is
an increase in the price of Component Material, as per the price indices published by the Pakistan Bureau
of Statistics insofar as applicable, or if there is an increase in applicable Taxes or levy of any new Taxes.
In this event, the Developer will make every reasonable effort for the Purchase Price to remain unaffected
and ensure that any impact on the remaining Purchase Price is adjusted in a fair and reasonable manner

("Adjusted Amount").

3.4.

The adjustment in the Purchase Price under Clause 3.3 shall be to the extent of increase in the price of
Component Material and Taxes only, and the Buyer undertakes to pay the Adjusted Amount, which shall be
deemed a part of the Payment Plan and the Purchase Price, at the time of possession upon completion of the
Purchased Unit.

3.5.

The Buyer shall pay each Instalment Payment and/or Adjusted Amount on its Due Date or with in thirty (30)
days thereof, without any deduction on account of bank charges, bank transfer charges, conversion cost,
exchange rate fluctuations or otherwise howsoever, all of which shall be borne by the Buyer. Such payment
shall be affected by one of the following means on or before the relevant Due Date, and the Buyer understands
that failure to do so will be a breach of the Agreement, entitling the Developer to take such action as speci[led
in Clause 12.1.

By crossed cheque or bank draft in favour of "MALL 35";

OR
With written notice to the Developer, by direct transfer or deposit into the account designated below, or such
other designated bank account of the Developer as may be noti[led in writing:

3.6.

Account Title:

Mall35

Account No:

1426394

Bank

JS Bank limited

Branch

Ghalib Road, Gulberg Ill, Lahore

Branch Code:

9123

I BAN:

PI<87JSBL9123000001426394

Swift Code:

JSBLPI<I<A

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Buyer has made the Down Payment, receipt of which the Developer hereby
acknowledges. This Down Payment shall constitute the [lrst Instalment Payment under the Payment Plan
subject to the realisation of funds in the Developer's designated account. In case the funds are not realised
on the date of signing of the Agreement to Sell, this Agreement shall be deemed null and void.

3.7.

The Buyer shall pay Service Charges to the Management Company. The agreement executed by and between
the Buyer and the Management Company, all other regulations imposed by the Management Company or
any association of owners or a Competent Authority in the present and in future will form a part of the

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 10 of 24

Agreement. In addition to the Service Charges, it is understood by the Buyer that various Common Facilities
and Common Areas as defined above may require repair or replacement, which shall be charged to Buyers at
fair market prices, as may be notified to the Buyer, and shall be required to be paid within the time stipulated
by the Management Company.

4.

CONSTRUCTION AND POSSESSION OF PURCHASED UNIT
4.1.

It is agreed and understood by the Buyer that the Estimated Completion Date represents the date by which it
is presently expected that the Project will be completed, and the Purchased Unit will be ready for hand over
to the Buyer, whereas the Completion Date represents the date by which the Project is completed and the
Purchased Unit is ready for hand over to the Buyer.

4.2.

The Developer shall issue the Completion Notice to the Buyer communicating the proposed Completion
Date. The Completion Date shall be the date on which the Purchased Unit shall be ready for handover of
possession to the Buyer, provided that the Buyer has fulfilled its obligations under this Agreement and paid
all Instalment Payments and any applicable Adjusted Amount under the Payment Plan. The Completion Date
may be earlier or later than the Estimated Completion Date, in which case the Developer shall give one (1)
month's advance notice to the Buyer. In the event that the Completion Date is earlier than the Estimated
Completion Date, the Buyer may postpone possession up to (but no later than) the Estimated Completion
Date. The Instalment Payment and Adjusted Amount due on possession, as indicated in the Payment Plan,
shall, under this Clause 4.2, only be payable by the Buyer at the time of possession. Transfer of possession
shall be subject to the Buyer having fully performed his/her obligations under the Agreement and clearing
all required payment(s), charges and taxes under provisions of the Agreement, including the Buyer having
completed all applicable transfer formalities, including payment of all fees, charges and stamp duty etc.,
and, where applicable, recording of the Buyer's rights in the Purchased Unit with any relevant Competent
Authority.

4.3.

All risks, responsibilities and obligations associated with the Purchased Unit shall pass to the Buyer as and
from the Completion Date, whereas rights in the Purchased Unit shall be transferred with actual possession
thereof in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Agreement.

4.4.

Th e Buyer shall pay, as and when due and without delay, all costs and charges for electricity, water and meter
connections charges, and failure to do so will be a default under this Agreement. The Developer shall make
every reasonable effort to obtain permanent electricity, water and meter connections for the Purchased Unit
and meters in respect thereof on or before the Completion Date, subject to the Buyer having fulfilled all of
his/her obligations hereunder.

4.5.

Subject to Clause 4.2 above, the Buyer shall take actual possession of the Purchased Unit within thirty
(30) days of the Completion Date after clearance of any outstanding dues and payments and execution of
any relevant undertakings and agreements by the Buyer. In the event the Buyer fails to make the relevant
payments and provide undertakings as required under Clause 3.1 or otherwise to take possession of the

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 11 of 24

Purchased Unit within said thirty (30) days of the Completion Date, subject to Clause 4.2, the Buyer shall inter

alia be responsible for such additional charge(s) as the Developer deems fit to cover its administration and
service costs, and the Buyer shall be liable for all risk and costs applicable to the Purchased Unit as and from
the Completion Date (including loss of or damage to the Purchased Unit or any part thereof).

5.

TAXES
5.1

The Buyer shall pay all taxes pertaining to possession, registration, stamp duties, transfer fees, CVT, CGT, TIP,
assessments, or related fees, costs, duties and charges as may be required to affect the transfer and issue
of title documents in favour of the Buyer, as well as related to utilities and other charges with respect to the
Purchased Unit. To the extent any payment of any such taxes, transfer fees, rates, assessments, utilities or
other charges, are paid by the Developer on behalf of the Buyer (at the Developer's discretion), the same shall
be reimbursed by the Buyer prior to handover of possession of the Purchased Unit. The Buyer shall also be
responsible for all taxes, duties and charges on the transfer or assignment of any rights of the Buyer under
the Agreement or in the Purchased Unit.

5.2

The Buyer agrees to pay all taxes and assessments in respect of the Purchased Unit from the Completion Date.
In the event that utilities are provided to the Buyer directly by the Management Company, such amounts will
be in addition to the Services Charges and the Buyer shall settle any such charges as per consumption or
usage promptly when required to do so.

6.

TRANSFER OF PURCHASED UNIT
6.1.

On the Completion Date, subject to Clause 4, the Developer shall transfer vacant possession of the Purchased
Unit to the Buyer and issue the allotment letter in favour of the Buyer, provided the Buyer has fulfilled its
obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation payment of each Instalment Payment and
any applicable Adjusted Amount) and other costs identified in the Agreement, or otherwise applicable. The
Developer shall render all reasonable assistance to the Buyer, including issuance of NOC, for recording of
Buyer's rights in the relevant land registry. The Developer shall not be obliged to hand over possession of
the Purchased Unit where the Buyer is not in compliance with its obligations under the Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, recording of Buyer's rights in the relevant land registry shall be at the discretion and cost
ofthe Buyer.

6.2.

In the event that the Buyer sells the Purchased Unit to any other person ("Third Party") in accordance with
the terms and conditions ofthis Agreement, the sale and transfer of the Purchased Unit to such Third Party
shall be subject to prior issuance of NOC by the Developer, upon obtaining which title of the Purchased Unit
may be transferred from the Buyer to the Third Party in the relevant land registry {if required), costs whereof
will be in addition to any applicable transfer charges. The Buyer undertakes that such Third Party shall be
bound by the terms and conditions of the Agreement, as and when applicable, and the Buyer shall procure
that such Third Party does and executes all such acts, deeds and things as required under the Agreement.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 12 of24

6.3.

The Buyer will execute all documents and obtain all permissions, NOCs and/or approvals as may be required
by the Developer from time to time.

6.4.

The Buyer acknowledges and understands that only the title of the Purchased Unit shall be transferred to the
Buyer, and the Buyer shall have no title, right or interest in the Project other than the limited rights of access
to Common Areas, Common Facilities and Parking Area as expressly provided herein. Th e Buyer understands
and acknowledges that the ownership rights to the Common Areas, Common Facilities, Parking Area, roof and
exterior walls shall always rest with the Developer, and the Buyer shall not be permitted to affect any change
in the colour scheme, design and/or layout in relation thereto, including any projections, hooks or nails, etc.

7.

DEVELOPER'S COVENANTS AND WARRANTIES
The Developer covenants or warrants as under:

7.1.

To carry out construction of the Project in compliance and to be built substantially in accordance with good
building and engineering practices, using suitable materials and in accordance with the requirements of
concerned authorities, building codes, laws, rules and regulations currently in force.

7.2.

To obtain and, to the extent possible, assign to the Buyer the benefit of any manufacturers' warranties, in respect
of any fixtures or fittings installed by or on behalf of the Developer in the Purchased Unit. The Developer makes
no independent representation or warranty as regards the fitness f or use or quality of appliances, fittings or
fixtures and has relied on the manufacturers'/suppliers' representat ions and warranties in this regard.

7.3.

In case the Purchased Unit requires any structural repairs or structural rectification, other than regular wear
and tear, the Developer shall rectify or repair the same for a period of five (5) years from the Completion Date.

7.4.

The Purchased Unit is subject to a builder's defects liability warranty in respect of any defective material,
fittings and fixtures including mechanical, plumbing and electrical works for a period of one (1) year from
the date of completion of the construction thereof, except where such defects arise from an Event of Force
Majeure or are caused or contributed to by the Buyer in the sole opinion of the Developer.

7.5.

The Developer, through the building contractor, shall remain liable for a period of one (1) year from the
Completion Date to repair or replace any inherently defective material, fittings and fixtures which shall
include civil, mechanical, plumbing, and electrical works provided that the maintenance and/or replacement
of all appliances in the Purchased Unit shall be covered by the warranties of respective manufacturers and
the Developer shall have no liability thereof.

7.6.

For avoidance of any doubt it is clarified that the period of structural liability (Clause 7.3), defects liability
warranty (Clause 7.4) and appliances and equipment warranties (Clause 7.5), shall commence with effect from
the Completion Date.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 13 of24

7.7.

The Developer will not be liable for any damage caused to the structure, fittings and fixtures where the
damage is caused by normal wear and tear or where there is breakage or accidental damage caused or
contributed to by any act or omission of the Buyer, occupant or visitor of the Purchased Unit.

7.8.

The Developer shall deliver the Purchased Unit to the Buyer in a professionally finished condition, clean and
ready for occupation and constructed subject to the terms of the Agreement.

7.9.

The Developer shall construct or cause the construction of the infrastructure relating to the Project including
roads, lighting, walkways, and landscaping substantively in accordance with its overall development plan for
infrastructure of the Project.

7.10.

The Developer will arrange for the Common Facilities to be managed in a professional manner through the
Management Company.

8.

BUYER'S COVENANTS AND WARRANTIES
The Buyer covenants, undertakes or warrants as under:

8.1.

The Purchased Unit is being purchased on the Buyer's own behalf and the ownership interest will be
beneficially owned by the Buyer and the Buyer has the necessary legal capacity and authority to purchase the
same.

8.2.

The Purchased Unit will be used only for the Permitted Use.

8.3.

The Buyer warrants that the Buyer shall and shall procure that any Third Party shall:

(i)

act strictly in accordance with this Agreement;

(ii)

not lease, assign, mortgage, encumber or hypothecate any interest in the Purchased Unit without
the prior written approval of the Developer and/or Management Company (which may be withheld
or conditioned at its sole discretion). For the avoidance of doubt, any disposition of interest in terms
of this sub-clause 8.3(ii) without the prior written approval of the Developer and/or Management
Company shall be void and shall constitute a material breach of contract;

(iii)

execute a contract with the Management Company for payment of Service Charges to the Management
Company, determined as per fair market rates, relating to the use and upkeep of the Common Areas,
Common Facilities and/or Parking Area;

(iv)

permit the Management Company, and its employees, representatives and agents at all reasonable
times to enter the Purchased Unit to carry out its duties;

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 14 of 24

(v)

not do anything in the Purchased Unit or Project which may be or become a security hazard, nuisance,
annoyance, disturbance, inconvenience or cause damage to the Common Area and Common Facilities
or to the other people occupying/using any Units in the Project and will ensure that the Purchased
Unit, the Common Areas and Common Facilities are kept clean;

(vi)

not use the Purchased Unit for any illegal, unlawful or immoral act or purpose and shall not store
inflammable or hazardous material or any material forbidden by law in the Purchased Unit;

(vii)

comply in all respects with the provisions of all laws, decrees, regulations and the Rules including the
rules of and requirements of any Competent Authority in relation to the Purchased Unit or anything
done in the Purchased Unit;

(viii)

pay all charges (including meter connection charges relating to the Purchased Unit) for water,
electricity, sewage, telephone/cables and other services provided to the Purchased Unit, maintenance
fees and other similar levies that may be imposed or levied with respect to the Purchased Unit from
the Completion Date;

(ix)

not make any partitions, alterations, additions, attachments of any nature in the Purchased Unit,
Common Areas or Facilities or to the Project without the Developer's and/ or the Management
Company's written consent in advance, and that the Buyer will pay such administration charges
to the Developer as may be demanded for vetting plans in respect of such partitions, alterations,
attachments or additions;

understands and acknowledges that his/ their obligations in the Agreement shall continue beyond the

(x)

Completion Date;

(xi)

undertakes to maintain any insurance over the Purchased Unit as may be prescribed in the Rules;

(xii)

ensure and undertake that no graffiti, signboard, advertisement, logo is made or posted or attached
on the outside/exterior walls of the Purchased Unit;

(xiii)

not keep or store in the Purchased Unit or in the Common Areas, articles of heavy load or size which
may damage the Purchased Unit or create nuisance of any kind for other occupants;

(xiv)

no equipment or goods of any kind is placed or stored in the window displays of the Purchased Unit or
the Purchased Unit itself which is not in accordance with the Rules, or which may damage the same or
adversely affect the fa~ade of the Purchased Unit or Project or may endanger any other occupants or
utilize the same in any manner which has been restricted by the Developer or the Management Company;

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 15 of24

(xv)

the aesthetic view of the Purchased Unit is not altered / changed permanently, and shall maintain the
structure of the Purchased Unit in such a state of repair and condition as shall, at all t imes, provide
structural support, protection and design to the Project, and not harm or damage the Project in any
manner; and

(xvi)

not use the Purchased Unit or Project or any part thereof for any commercial activity of any kind at
any time other than in accordance with the Permitted Use. In case of breach, the Developer or the
Management Company may apply reasonable force to shut down such activity and take legal action
to prevent or halt such activity or take any other action in accordance with the Rules and applicable
laws.

8.4.

The Buyer shall be liable for any damage caused to the structure, material, 1ittings and flxtures including

inter alia mechanical, plumbing and electrical works, where the damage is caused by normal wear and tear,
an Event of Force Majeure or where there is breakage or accidental damage caused or contributed to by any
act or omission of the Buyer, occupant or visitor of the Purchased Unit.

8.5.

The Buyer shall pay Service Charges to the Management Company in a timely manner, which shall be payable
even if the Purchased Unit is lying vacant. All other regulations imposed by the Management Company or
any association of owners or a Competent Authority in the present and in future will form a part of the
Agreement. In addition to the Service Charges, it is understood by the Buyer that various Common Facilities
and Common Areas, including inter alia elevators, power backup equipment, securit y system, tube-well
motors, may require major repair or replacement, which shall be charged to the Buyer at actual cost and
as per fair and reasonable market rates, and shall be required to be paid within t he t ime stipulated by the
Management Company.

8.6.

The Buyer acknowledges, understands and accepts that the Developer shall have the sole authority and
discretion to frame the Rules, including inter alia the absolute authority to lease the Purchased Unit in
combination with other commercial Unit (s) in the Project to a single lessee, and to make or cause to be made
any structural changes in the Purchased Unit so as to combine the Purchased Unit with such other commercial
Unit(s) in the Project, as well as to determine rates of rent at fair market value which shall be disbursed to t he
Buyer on a pro-rated basis per square foot of the Purchased Unit. For the avoidance of doubt, any structural
change under this Clause 8.6 shall only be made if required in the event of lease to a single lessee.

8.7.

The Buyer acknowledges and understands that the Developer shall construct the infrastructure relating to t he
Project including boundary walls, roads, lighting, walkways, lobbies, hallways and landscaping substantively
in accordance with the Developer's overall development plan for infrastructure and the Buyer shall have no
objection to it.

8.8.

The Buyer agrees not to modify, add or remove any part of the exterior and/or interior of the Purchased Unit
or construct any additional improvements in the Purchased Unit without the prior written consent of the
Developer.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 16 of 24

8.9.

The Developer shall endeavour and make all reasonable efforts to deliver the Purchased Unit as per the
specifications in the Descript ion of Purchased Unit. However, in the event of any modification, the Developer
may substitute the Purchased Unit but with another unit with similar specifications as the Purchased Unit. In
the event the substitute Unit provided to the Buyer is of a lesser value, the Buyer will be entitled to a refund
of the difference between the Purchase Price of the original Purchased Unit and the substitute Unit without
any mark up or adjustment thereon, subject to the terms of the Agreement.

8.10.

The Buyer confirms and declares that all the statements made and information provided by the Buyer in the
Agreement are true and correct. In case any such statement or information is found to be incorrect or false,
the Developer shall have the right to canceVterminate the allocation of the Purchased Unit to the Buyer by
notice in writing, and any amount paid by the Buyer to the Developer will be forfeited in the manner and in
terms of Clause 12 below.

9.

SALE AND ASSIGNMENT BY THE BUYER
9.1.

No sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of any interest in the Purchased Unit, whether before or
after the Completion Date, will be binding on the Developer or of any Legal effect until and unless:
(i)

the Developer's prior written consent to such transfer has been obtained by the Buyer;

(ii)

the fees payable under Clause 9.2 or otherwise howsoever have been paid in full to the satisfaction of
the Developer;

(iii)

all relevant taxes, duties, and charges (including stamp duties and registration charges) have been
paid upon transfer;

(iv)

all payments due as at the effective date of the proposed transfer, including any Service Charges, have
been paid in full to the Developer, Management Company and any Competent Authorities to their
satisfaction; and

(v)

the transferee to the Purchased Unit has agreed and undertaken in writing to be bound by the
Agreement, the agreement with the Management Company, and has signed a letter of adherence
(or such other document) in relation thereto as may be prescribed by the Developer and/or the
Management Company in this regard.

9.2.

Any assignment, t ransfer or sale of t he Purchased Unit by the Buyer shall be subject to payment of transfer
charges of one percent (1%) of the Purchase Price of the Purchased Unit, and any other applicable fees at the
time, to the Developer. While allowing the assignment or sale, the Developer shall have the right to impose
additional terms and conditions.

------Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 17 of24

9.3.

The Developer may assign or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations under the Agreement or with
respect to the Project to any person or party by giving written notice to the Buyer and the Buyer hereby
consents to any such assignment or transfer. However, the Developer shall take reasonable steps to ensure
that the interests of the Buyer under the Agreement are protected.

10. MODIFICATIONS TO TH E PURCHASED UNIT
10.1.

The Developer will endeavour and make all reasonable efforts to deliver the Project and Purchased Unit
as per this Agreement. However, the construction of the Project and the Purchased Unit may be affected
according to the plans/specifications approved by the Competent Authorities. Similar quality will be provided
for any substituted items pertaining to the Purchased Unit Floor Plan, colours, materials, finishes, equipment,
fixtures and specifications of the Purchased Unit. The Buyer shall be consulted in the event that any material
change varies by more than ten percent (10%).

10.2.

The Buyer acknowledges that for the purposes of the Agreement, the total area is measured from the exterior
face of the exterior wall, middle of the unit demising walls and exterior face of the corridor walls and includes
all projections or protrusions. If the actual total area as determined by the Developer's engineer is more or
less than the represented total area by more than two percent (2%), the Purchase Price will be adjusted by
an amount equal to the variance above two percent (2%). For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment will be
made to the Purchase Price if the total area is increased or is reduced by less than two percent (2%). Provided
that any change or alteration in the size and structure of the Project shall not exceed more than ten percent
(10%).

10.3.

The Buyer acknowledges that the area of the Purchased Unit, as shown in the Purchased Unit Floor Plan is an
approximation only and acknowledges that the actual floor area may vary from the area as stated.

11. DEFAULT BY THE DEVELOPER
Subject to the terms of the Agreement. in the event that the Developer is unable to deliver possession of the
Purchased Unit within six (6) months following the Estimated Completion Date, then, provided the Buyer has fulfilled
all obligations and has made complete Instalment Payments in the Payment Plan, including the amount payable on
possession and any applicable Adjusted Amount, the Developer shall pay the Buyer a monthly fee until such time as
the Purchased Unit is ready for delivery of possession to the Buyer. The monthly fee shall be calculated on a pro-rata
basis and shall be equal to five percent (5%) per annum of the total payments received from the Buyer to date with
respect to the Purchase Price.

12. DEFAULT BY THE BUYER AND DEFAULTING PENALTY
12.1.

If the Buyer f ails to pay any Instalment Payment or other payments due under the Agreement to the
Developer, the Management Company or to any Competent Authority, within ten (10) days of its Due Date,
t hen t he Developer may:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 18 of 24

(i)

impose liquidated damages at the rate of two percent (2%) per month on each outstanding Instalment
Payment or any part thereof and/or any other payment(s) that remain(s) outstanding from the date
such payment became due, to be paid in addition to such outstanding payments; and/or

(ii)

in the event the default is not cured within sixty (60) days of the relevant Due Date, upon serving of
first written notice of seven (7) days followed by final written notice of seven (7) days to the Buyer,
terminate the Agreement forthwith and recover liquidated damages from the Buyer equivalent to
fifteen percent (15%) of the Purchase Price, in addition to the damages imposed under Clause 12.1(i)
above. After deducting all charges under this Clause 12.1 and any other charges that may be applicable
from the Instalments Payments paid by the Buyer in accordance with the Payment Plan, the Developer
shall refund the balance amount, if any, to the Buyer. In the event of any shortfall, the Developer shall
be entitled to its rights under law to recover the same from the Buyer.

12.2.

In the event that the Buyer fails to give any undertaking or execute any document or take possession of the
Purchased Unit, then the Developer may take the action specified under Clause 12.1 above.

12.3.

Delay in payment of any Instalment Payment or applicable Adjusted Amount exceeding sixty (60) days shall
be treated as a default by the Buyer and the Developer will be entitled to take action in accordance with
Clause 12.1 above.

12.4.

Joint Buyers shall, jointly and individually, be responsible to fulfil and discharge all the obligations hereinabove
mentioned. Upon breach of any of the conditions of the Agreement by any one or all of them, the Developer
shall be at liberty for recourse and redressal in the terms of the Agreement against any one or all of the joint
Buyers (as the Developer may determine in its sole discretion).

13. FORCE MAJEURE
13.1.

"Event of Force Majeure" means an act of God including but not limited to fire, flood, earthquake, windstorm
or other natural disaster; act of any sovereign authority including but not limited to war, invasion, act of
foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection,
military or usurped power or confiscation, nationalization, requisition, act of terrorism or destruction or
damage to property by or under the order of any government or public or local authority or other Competent
Authority or imposition of government sanction embargo or similar action; labour dispute including but
not limited to strike, lockout or boycott; interruption or failure of utility service including but not limited
to electric power, water or telephone service; failure of the transportation of any personnel, equipment,
machinery or material required by the Developer for completion of the Project; breach of contract by any
essential contractor or subcontractor or any other matter or cause beyond the control of the Developer that
prevents it from completing or performing its obligations under the Agreement. The Developer shall not be
liable for such non-completion or non-performance under the Agreement for so long as such Event of Force
Majeure exists and its effects continue.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 19 of 24

13.2.

Should an Event of Force Majeure occur that is likely to or will delay the Estimate Completion Date or
Completion Date, the Developer shall promptly notify the Buyer in writing of the event and give the Buyer a
revised Estimated Completion or Completion Date or an estimate of the duration of the delay, as and when
it can be determined. Extensions in the Estimated Completion or Completion Date on account of an Event of
Force Majeure shall be in addition to any other extensions pursuant to the terms hereof.

13.3.

No Event of Force Majeure which is less than thirty (30) calendar days shall excuse the Buyer from making
any Instalment Payment on its Due Date, which may be extended for a period equal to the duration of the
Event of Force Majeure. Provided that any Event of Force Majeure exceeding thirty (30) days shall result
in a commensurate adjustment of the Due Date of any remaining Instalment Payments or any applicable
Adjusted Amount.

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
14.1.

The Agreement, as defined in Clause 2 of the Agreement to Sell, constitutes the entire agreement between the
Parties and there are no other representations, warranties, conditions or collateral agreements, express or
implied, written or oral, whether made by the Developer, any officer, agent, employee or representative of the
Developer or any other person including, without limitation, arising out of any marketing material including
sales brochures, models, representative view sets, show room displays, photographs, videos, illustrations,
renderings, revenue projections or pro-forma statements provided to the Buyer or made available for his/her
viewing and, upon acceptance by the Developer, the Agreement shall form a binding agreement subject only
to the terms and conditions contained therein.

14.2.

Except as contemplated in the Agreement, any modification or amendment to the Agreement shall be in
writing duly signed by both Parties.

14.3.

The Buyer acknowledges that she/he will be bound by the Management Agreement and any building rules,
regulations and policies that may be applicable from time to time.

15. GOVERNING LAW AND ARBITRATION
15.1.

The Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to the Agreement shall be
governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan.

15.2.

Any dispute between the Parties arising out of or with respect to the Agreement will be resolved amicably
between the Parties within fifteen (15) days of its so arising, failing which it shall be referred to and settled
by arbitration under the Arbitration Act (X of 1940). After lapse of fiftee n (15) days, arbitration proceed ings
may be initiated by delivery of a notice in writing by either Party to the other Party. The arbitration panel shall
consist of three arbitrators: one each to be appointed by each Party and a t hird to be appointed mutually
by the first two arbitrators. The place of arbitration shall be Rawalpindi and the language of the arbitration
proceedings shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitrator(s), as the case may be, shall be final,
non - appealable and binding on both Parties, including decisions as to costs.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

16. NOTICES
16.1.

Without prejudice to the right to serve notice by any other means, any notice required to be served under the
Agreement shall be in writing in the English language and shall be deemed sufficiently served forty-eight (48)
hours after it has been mailed by registered post or twenty-four (24) hours if served through e-mail, to the
address of the Party to be served that is set out in the Agreement to Sell or to such other address of which a
notice has been previously given by the Party.

16.2.

It is clarified that in the case there is more than one Buyer, notice to any one Buyer shall be deemed as notice
to all Buyers and the Developer shall be under no obligation to write to each Buyer individually.

16.3.

Buyer shall notify the Developer in writing, in advance, of any change of address (postal, email, or otherwise).
Buyer's failure to report a change of address shall not affect validity of service of any notice that may be
served by the Developer to the Buyer at the last known address.

17. SURVIVAL
17.1.

The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement will survive the Completion Date and t ransfer of the
Purchased Unit in the name of the Buyer and any subsequent buyer. The Agreement shall enure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective personal representatives, heirs, successors,
and permitted assignees.

17.2.

The Developer agrees that in case of the death of the Buyer, the Developer shall make reasonable efforts to
assist the Nominee named by the Buyer to procure the succession of the legal heirs to the rights of the Buyer
under the Agreement, in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws of inheritance. Provided t hat
the Nominee shall cause all such legal heirs to execute a letter of adherence (or such other document which
confirms the legal heirs taking over and being fully bound by the obligations of the Buyer under the Agreement)
and indemnify the Developer for any loss or damage on account of claims by the other legal heirs of t he Buyer.

18. COUNTERPARTS
The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute
one and the same Agreement.

19. TIME IS OF ESSENCE
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement, the time fixed for payment or any part thereof under this
Agreement is and shall be the essence of the Agreement.

20. WAIVER
The delay or failure of either Party to enforce or insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms or conditions of
the Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of said Party's rights hereunder.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 21 of24

21. SEVERABILITY
If any one or more provisions of the Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other
provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall, within thirty (30) days of such
declaration or judgment, substitute the affected provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible, the
substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question.

22. TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION OF SALE
22.1.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Buyer may cancel or terminate the Agreement at
any time, subject to deduction of cancellation charges equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the Purchase Price
and deduction on account of any other change or cost payable by the Buyer under the Agreement. The balance
of any payment made by the Buyer under the Agreement, if any, will be refunded to the Buyer within six (6)
months of termination or upon re-sale of the cancelled Purchased Unit, whichever comes later.

22.2.

Any refund upon termination under Clause 22.1 shall be subject to deduction of the difference between the
Purchase Price and the market price of the Purchased Unit at the time of termination, in the event that the
latter is lower.

22.3.

In case of termination under Clause 22.1, the Buyer shall surrender all original documents, acknowledgements
of receipt and any other correspondence under the Agreement, including without limitation the Agreement
itself.

22.4.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Developer may cancel or terminate the Agreement
in the event of breach of the Agreement by the Buyer as envisaged herein. Any refund to the Buyer as a result
of termination under this Clause 22.4 shall be subject to deduction of cancellation charges equal to fifteen
percent (15%) of the Purchase Price and deduction on account of any other charge or cost payable by the
Buyer under the Agreement.

23. GOOD FAITH
Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under the Agreement based on confidence placed by such
Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party.

24. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Buyer hereby confirms having read, understood and accepted the Agreement in its entirety, and is affixing his/
her signature in the presence of witnesses.

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials
Page 22 of24

AGREEMENT TO SELL
NOMINEES
(A) NOMINEE OF BUYER

Nominee's Name:

Relationship:

0

Constit ution:

Individual

D joint Ownership

CNIC/ NICOP:

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Date of Expiry: _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

Date of Issue:

Residential Address:

Correspondence Address:

Phone:

(Res) _ _ __ _ _ _ (Off) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (Mob) _ _ _ _ _ __

E-mail:

Buyer's initials

Developer's initials

Page 23 of24