JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 ZAMEEN ALPHA (PRIVATE) LIMITED 
 
 AND 
 
 EBCO CONSTRUCTION S (PRIVATE) LIMITED 
 
 
 FOR CONSTRUCTION &amp; DEVELOPMENT OF MALL 35 , ( RAWALPINDI, PAKISTAN ) 
 
 
 Clause Page 
 TOC \o "1-3" \h \z \u 1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION PAGEREF _Toc10453807 \h 4 
 2. SCOPE OF AGREEMENT PAGEREF _Toc10453808 \h 9 
 3. INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA PAGEREF _Toc10453809 \h 10 
 4. ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND PAGEREF _Toc10453810 \h 10 
 5. PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE PAGEREF _Toc10453811 \h 15 
 6. IRRECONCILABLE DEADLOCK PAGEREF _Toc10453812 \h 17 
 7. PROJECT DEVELOPMENT PAGEREF _Toc10453813 \h 20 
 8. PROJECT MARKETING AND SALE PAGEREF _Toc10453814 \h 21 
 9. MAINTENANCE OF AND HOTEL MANAGEMENT FOR THE PROJECT PAGEREF _Toc10453815 \h 22 
 10. PROJECT BANK ACCOUNTS PAGEREF _Toc10453816 \h 22 
 11. PROFIT SHARING PAGEREF _Toc10453817 \h 23 
 12. PERFORMANCE OF AGREEMENT PAGEREF _Toc10453818 \h 24 
 13. TERMINATION PAGEREF _Toc10453819 \h 24 
 14. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES PAGEREF _Toc10453820 \h 27 
 15. LIABILITIES AND INDEMNITIES PAGEREF _Toc10453821 \h 29 
 16. CONFIDENTIALITY PAGEREF _Toc10453822 \h 29 
 17. NOTICES PAGEREF _Toc10453823 \h 30 
 18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION PAGEREF _Toc10453824 \h 31 
 19. GOVERNING LAW PAGEREF _Toc10453825 \h 31 
 20. GENERAL PAGEREF _Toc10453826 \h 31 
 ANNEXURE A: Project Land PAGEREF _Toc10453827 \h 33 
 ANNEXURE B: Incurred Costs PAGEREF _Toc10453828 \h 34 
 ANNEXURE C: Project Approvals Cost PAGEREF _Toc10453829 \h 35 
 ANNEXURE D: Major Decisions (see Clause 6.1) PAGEREF _Toc10453830 \h 36 
 
 
 T HIS AGREEMENT (the “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this 3 rd day of June 2019 by and between: 
 
 
 ZAMEEN ALPHA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized Representative, Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as “ Zameen ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns); 
 
 AND 
 
 EBCO CONSTRUCTIONS (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office 35-A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantonment, Rawalpindi , acting through its authorized representative Mr. Hasan Sheikh (hereinafter referred to as “EB CO ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, be deemed to mean and includes its successors-in-interest, administrators and assigns) . 
 
 ( Zameen and EBCO shall hereinafter also be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties” ). 
 
 WHEREAS: 
 Each of Zameen and EBCO are independently engaged in real estate development, construction and sale of housing schemes and related projects. 
 
 The Parties desire and agree to undertake a mutually beneficial project in the name of Mall 35 (the “ Project Name ”) on the Project Land located in Rawalpindi. In this regard, the Parties desire to utilize the Project Land for the purposes of construction, development, sales and marketing of the Project (as more particularly described herein below) along with related infrastructures. 
 
 The Landowner (as more particularly defined herein below) is the lawful owner in possession of a piece of real property measuring 2554.62 square yards located in Rawalpindi Cantt . (as more particularly described herein below) (the “ Project Land ”) and has agreed to transfer/convey the Project Land to the J oint V enture for the Project, in the manner detailed herein . 
 
 In order to undertake the P roject on the Project Land , the Parties have agreed that they will undertake, manage , market and sell the P roject as a joint venture under the laws of Pakistan and to, inter alia , share the profits thereof in terms of this Agreement . 
 
 The Parties acknowledge giving the covenants in this Agreement in consideration for the other Party entering into this Agreement . 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing understandings and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties agree as follows: 
 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 Definitions 
 
 “Agreement” means this Agreement concluded between the Parties including all Annexures , and other documents that are incorporated to the said Agreement, as well as any supp lementary a greement. 
 
 “Agreement to Sell” means the agreement to sell to be executed by and between the Landowner and the Joint Venture [on or about the date hereof] setting out the terms and conditions whereby the Landowner shall agree to sell and the Joint Venture shall agree to purchase the Project Land. 
 
 “Business Day” means every day of the week except Sundays and public holidays in Pakistan on which banks in which Joint Venture has account(s) are open for general banking business . 
 
 “Buy-Out Procedure” shall mean the buy-out procedure as set out under Clause 6.3 . 
 
 “Buyer(s)” means buyer(s) of Units pursuant to the Sale Instruments in the Project . 
 
 “Buyers’ Deposits” means the funds and deposits received from the Buyers on account of sale and purchase of developed Units in accordance with the terms of the Sale Instruments . 
 
 “Commercial Launch” means with respect to the Project the time when the Project or any part thereof is offered by the Joint Venture for sale to the public. 
 
 “Complex” means the commercial building consisting of the Units as reflected in the Project Master Plan. 
 
 “Consultation Period” shall have the meaning given to it under Clause REF _Ref3292379 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.3 . 
 
 “ Construction” means the technical supervision, civil engineering and construction supervision, supervision of the design stage, quality controls, implementation of the Project and management services, which includes without limitation the entire Project management, detailed supervision of the Works and coordination between consultants and Contractors, to achieve complete construction and development of the Project in accordance with the Project Master Plan and the Schedule of Works. 
 
 “ Construction Contract ” shall mean the construction contract to be executed between the Joint Venture and the Construction Contractor . 
 
 “ Construction Contractor ” means the contractor appoint ed by the Joint Venture in accordance with the Schedule of Criteria for Selection of Construction Contractor to construct and develop the Project , which may be either EBCO and/or any reputable local or international firm(s) . 
 
 “Construction Cost Account” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause REF _Ref3292395 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.2 . 
 
 “Contractor” means any local or foreign person including consultants and Construction C ontractors contracting with the Joint Venture under a Project Contract (including their sub-consultants and sub-contractors). 
 
 “ Criteria for Selection ” means the schedule containing the criteria and parameters to be developed by the Project Management Committee for selection of the Construction Contractor. 
 
 “ Day ” means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours beginning 00.00 hours Pakistan time, unless specified herein as starting from a different hour. 
 
 “Default Notice” means a notice issued by a Party to the other Party pursuant to Clause REF _Ref3292417 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13 . 
 
 “Effective Date” means the date of execution of this Agreement by the Parties . 
 
 “Encumbrance” means a lien (including statutory lien), pledge, mortgage, charge, hypothecation, security interest or other security arrangement or interest by whatever name called including assignment by way of security and title retention arrangements. 
 
 “ Fair Market Value ” means, for the purposes of Clause REF _Ref6254850 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.10 of this Agreement, the value of the Project / Joint Venture to be determined by an Independent Valuer ; 
 
 “Event s of Default” has the meaning given to it in Clause REF _Ref3292417 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13 . 
 
 “ Government Authority( ies ) ” means the Government of Pakistan and/or any ministry, department or political subdivision thereof including but not limited to local and municipal authorities such as the Rawalpindi Cantonment Board or any person exercising executive, legislative, regulatory or administrative functions on behalf of the foregoing including, without limitation those persons, offices and/or entities responsible for the regulation, certification and approval of building and building services design and construction, roads, traffic, electricity and water transmission and distribution, telecommunications, wastewater and sewage, and all environmental, archaeological and historical, tourism and public health matters. 
 
 “ Incurred Costs” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 REF _Ref5868378 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (a) . 
 
 “ Independent Valuer ” shall mean either one consulting firm selected by the Parties from any one of the Big Four consulting firms namely ( i ) Deloitte Yousaf Adil ; (ii) Ernst &amp; Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder ; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF Ferguson &amp; Co , or, in the event that the Parties are unable to agree on such selection, a panel of three (3) consulting firms to be constituted in the manner prescribed in Clause 13. 10 (e) . 
 
 “Initial Contribution” means the funds agreed to be contributed, initially to the Joint Venture, by each of the Parties as set out in Clause REF _Ref3376312 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 3.1 . 
 
 “Irreconcilable Deadlock” mean s the inability of the Parties to agree concerning any Major Decision and the continuance of such disagreement after ten (10) consecutive days of Senior Officers attempt ing to resolve the same in good faith. 
 
 “Joint Venture” means the joint venture established between Zameen and EBCO for the purposes of undertaking the Project in the terms hereof. 
 
 “ Landowner ” means Mr. Naseehuddin Sheikh son of Hafiz Sabihuddin , resident of House No. 7-A, Najam Shaheed Road, Westridge-1, Rawalpindi Cantt, holding CNIC No. 37405-3272642-5; 
 
 “Laws of Pakistan” means any law, proclamation, decree, ministerial decision, statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, resolution, notice, legal precedent, by-law, directive, treaty or other instrument or requirement having the force of law within Pakistan and issued, declared, passed or given effect in any manner by any Government Authority. 
 
 “Maintenance Services Agreement” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292462 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 9.1 . 
 
 “Major Decisions” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref5866704 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 6.1 . 
 
 “Marketing Agreement” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292479 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 8.1 . 
 
 “ Marketing Company ” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292479 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 8.1 . 
 
 “ Marketing Cost Account ” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref5866720 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.3 . 
 
 “ Marketing Services” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292479 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 8.1 . 
 
 “ Marketing Services Fee ” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292513 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 8.2 . 
 
 “Marketing Targets” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref6255700 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 5.2 (c )( iv). 
 
 “ Master Account” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3385409 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.1 . 
 
 “ Member s ” means the members of the Project Management Committee from time to time and “Member” means any one of them. 
 
 “Month” means a calendar month according to the Gregorian calendar . 
 
 “Notice of Termination” means a notice of termination of this Agreement issued in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3292417 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13 . 
 
 “ Outstanding Project Land Cost ” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause REF _Ref3292598 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.8 REF _Ref3292603 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (e) . 
 
 “Pakistan” means the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. 
 
 “ Profit Sharing Formula” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 3.2 . 
 
 “Project” means , in accordance with this Agreement , the design, engineering, development, construction , installation, equipping, completion, testing , construction and maintenance of the Complex , its marketing and sales, and all activities materially incidental thereto. 
 
 “Project Approvals ” means any no objection certificate for transfer of title of Project Land, and any and all approvals and authorisations related to planning of the building, MEP, drainage, sewage and structural drawings , , required from any Government Authority( ies ) , including but not limited to the Rawalpindi Cantonment Board, with respect to the Project. 
 
 “ Project Approva ls Cost ” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 REF _Ref3379547 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (d) . 
 
 “ Project Commencement Date ” means the date of execution of the Sale Deed , or any other date as agreed mutually in writing between the Parties . 
 
 “Project Completion” means when the Project is fully completed as per the Project Master Plan and, except as otherwise mutually agreed between the Parties , all the Units have been sold and Buyers’ Deposits have been received in their entirety. 
 
 “Project Contracts” means a contract, memorandum of understanding, letter of intent and any similar document, by whatever name called (including any modifications/amendment/novation thereof) but excluding the Sale Deed, between the Joint Venture and Landowner , as applicable, and any Contractor, for any of, or any combination of, the design, supervision, supply of materials or services, financing, construction, maintenance, management, insurance and operation of the Project or any phase thereof. 
 
 “Project Land” means the land measuring 2554.62 square yards located at Bungalow No. 35/A, comprising survey No. 165 situated at Police Station Road, Rawalpindi , held under lease from the President of Pakistan through Military Estate Officer Rawalpindi under Schedule IX-C of the CLAR 1937 for Commercial purpose for a period of 90 years ending on 0 3-11-2110, as identified in Annexure A . 
 
 “ Project Land Cost ” means the consideration for the Project Land to be paid to the Landowner by the Joint Venture in terms of this Agreement and in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3292598 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.8 . 
 
 “ Project Land Cost Account ” shall have the meaning ascribed in Clause REF _Ref5869102 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.4 . 
 
 “ Project Management Com mittee ” means the committee formed pursuant to Clause 5 of this Agreement for the overall management of the Project. 
 
 “Project Master Plan” means the overall plan for the execution of the Project, including design codes and regulations and p roject sc hedule . 
 
 “Project Name” shall have the meaning ascribed to in Recital REF _Ref6319102 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (B) . 
 
 “Sale Deed” means the sale deed to be executed by and between the Landowner and the Joint Venture for the sale and conveyance of the Project Land by the Landowner to the Joint Venture . 
 
 “Sale Instruments” means the legal documents and instruments executed/to be executed by and between the Joint Venture and the Buyers, as applicable, including any contracts through which the Units will be agreed to be sold, sold and ultimately transferred/conveyed to the Buyers. 
 
 “ Sale Proceeds ” means the cash proceeds realized from the sale of the Units; 
 
 “ Schedule of Works” means the time frames set out for the completion of the Project, as mutually agreed upon or amended by the Parties from time to time. 
 
 “Senior Officers” means (a) Mr. Naseehuddin Sheikh for EBCO , and (b) Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan for Zameen. 
 
 “Term” means the period commencing on the Effective Date and , unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in terms hereof, ending on the Project Completion or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties . 
 
 “Total Sale s Revenue” means the aggregate amount realized from the Sale Proceeds . ; 
 
 “Unit(s)” means the residential and commercial building unit including shops, offices and apartments in the Complex . 
 
 “Works” means all works and services required for the completion of the Complex . 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to a Clause , schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 the word “person” includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority; 
 
 a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors, nominees and assigns; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending 24 hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a B usiness D ay, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore, Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next B usiness D ay ; 
 
 reference to ‘written’ or ‘writing’ means any hand-written, typewritten, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission. 
 SCOPE OF AGREEMENT 
 The Parties agree and understand that the Project will be undertaken by the Parties as a joint venture in terms of this Agreement . The sole purpose and business of the Joint Venture shall be undertaking of the Project on the Project Land. 
 
 The Parties shall ensure that the Joint Venture undertakes the Project in accordance with the Project Master Plan . 
 
 During the pendency of this Agreement , neither Party shall utilize or permit/facilitate the utilization of the Project Land or any part thereof for any purpose other than the Project. 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon the Parties on the Effective Date. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect for the Term or such other duration as may be mutually agreed by the Parties , unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 INITIAL CONTRIBUTION AND PROFIT-SHARING FORMULA 
 Initial Contribution in Joint Venture 
 
 The I nitial C ontribution of each of the Parties in the Joint Venture shall be as follows: 
 
 
 Contribution ( Rs .) 
 
 Project Land Cost 
 Project Approval s Cost 
 Project Land Transfer Cost 
 Total Contribution 
 EBCO 
 181,500,000 
 7,500,000 
 38,350,000 
 227,350,000 
 Zameen 
 181,500,000 
 7,500,000 
 38,350,000 
 227,350,000 
 Total 
 363,000,000 
 15,000,000 
 76,700,000 
 454,700,000 
 
 3.1(a) The Project Land Cost and Project Approvals Cost shall be contributed by the Parties in the manner outlined in 4.8 a) b) c) d) ; and in addition , both P arties will contribute Project Land Transfer C harges into the JV before execution of the Sale Deed. 
 
 Profit - Sharing Formula 
 
 The Parties agree and understand that that the y will share profits in accordance with the formula set out below : 
 
 EBCO 
 50% of the profits 
 Zameen 
 50% of the profits 
 
 The determination of the profit and its distribution between the Parties shall be in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3293239 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11 below. 
 ACQUISITION OF PROJECT LAND 
 Project Approvals and Project Land Cost 
 
 A ny and a ll expenses incurred by the Landowner with respect to the Project Land prior to the execution of this Agreement, including , inter alia , expenses for project approvals and architectural drawings , are hereby reported to the Joint Venture at actual cost , as set forth in Annexure B (the “ Incurred Cost s ”). The Parties agree that the Incurred Costs shall be paid to the Landowner out of the Sale Proceeds, and disbursed through the Project Land Cost Account within 2 (two) years, commencing 6 (six) months after the Commercial Launch. 
 
 EBCO shall procure that t he Project Master Plan is prepared b y the Landowner , with the consent of the Joint Venture, in collaboration with Mr. Iftikhar Ahmed Siddiq uie in accordance with the Laws of Pakistan. EBCO agrees and understands that the Project Master Plan shall form the basis for obtaining the Project Approvals in terms of this Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 and shall be subject to the prior written approval of Zameen . T he Parties agree and confirm that the Project Master Plan shall constitute an integral part of this Agreement. 
 
 The Landowner shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all Project Approvals and in that regard, to make all required submissions to the o ffice of the Cantonment Board , Rawalpindi, within forty-five (45) days of the Effective Date , and EBCO hereby confirms that it shall procure and be responsible to ensure that the Landowner obtains and maintains all Project Approvals in terms hereof . EBCO agree s and understand s that it shall be a condition precedent to the acquisition of the Project Land that all Project Approvals in terms of this Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 have been obtained and are subsisting by the Landowner in respect of the Project Land . 
 
 EBCO acknowledge s and agrees that the cost for Project Approval s incurred by the Landowner shall be based on the applicable rates of the o ffice of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi , and shall confirm and ensure that such costs , along with all costs for preparing the Project Master Plan shall be incurred and reported by the Landowner to the Joint Venture at actual cost in the amount specified in Annexure C (the “ Project Approval s Cost ”) . The Parties agree that they shall both be liable equally for the Project Approvals Cost (including any costs for the Project Master Plan) along with all applicable taxes . In this regard, Zameen has agreed to make payment of EBCO’s share of 50% of the Project Approvals Cost to the Landowner, on behalf of E B CO, which EBCO agrees and confirms that it shall be liable to repay to Zameen , including EBCO’s 50% share of applicable taxes, within thirty (30 ) calendar days from the date of execution of the Sale Deed pertaining to the Project Land . 
 
 EBCO shall ensure that t he Landowner seek the Joint Venture’s approval prior to incurring any costs for Project Approvals and the Project Master Plan over and above any amount that may have previously been agreed in terms of Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 REF _Ref3379547 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (d) . The [ Joint Venture ] or Zameen on behalf of the Joint Venture shall not make any payment for the foregoing unless its prior approval has been received in writing for incurring any such costs. 
 
 EBCO shall confirm and ensure that any amount provided to the Landowner by Zameen for the Project Approvals Cost pursuant to this Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 shall be used exclusively for obtaining the Project Approvals and preparing the Project Master Plan . 
 
 Subject to the provisions of Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 above and obtaining Project Approvals from the office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, in view of the understanding of the Parties to undertake the Project on the Project Land, EBCO shall ensure and shall procure that the Landowner takes all necessary steps as required under the Laws of Pakistan to ensure that the Project Land is transferred/conveyed, along with all Project Approvals and the [Project Master Plan] to the Joint Venture free of Encumbrance(s). 
 
 For the purposes of transfer of the Project Land to the Joint Venture, EBCO will ensure that the Landowner will enter into an Agreement to Sell with the Joint Venture followed by the Sale Deed. 
 
 The Parties understand and agree that the aforesaid sale transaction of the Project Land as per the Sale Deed shall be done in view of and with the specific understanding that the Project Land will only be utilized for undertaking the Project by the Joint Venture in terms of this Agreement . 
 
 EBCO shall ensure that the Landowner does not sell, transfer, gift, exchange, lease, license or in any other manner alienate the Project Land or any part thereof up un til the execution of the Sale Deed, except as in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Any taxes, duties and charges in relation to the sale and transfer/conveyance of the Project Land in favor of the Joint Venture and the registr ation of the Sale D eed , including stamp duty, registration fee, transfer of immovable property tax, CVT , CGT, and all other charges related to registration of the Sale D eed as per applicable laws shall be borne equally by the Parties . 
 
 T he Parties agree and understand that the Landowner or EBCO shall bear any and all liability to any prior owners and occupants of the Project Land and any part thereof at any time up to the date of transfer (in accordance with this Clause REF _Ref3294988 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4 .7 ) of clear and unencumbered title thereto. EBCO shall procure that t he Landowner indemnif ies , defend s and hold s forever harmless Zameen, from and against any and all claims from current (up to the date of transfer) or past : owners, leaseholders, occupants, licensees, time-shareholders, holders of concessions, holders of rights of usufruct and/or easements and/or covenants, mortgagees, lien holders , Government Authorities or holders of any other interest in any part of the Project Land arising from or related to the transfer of title to the Project Land or any part thereof , the grant of any rights thereto arising under or related to this Agreement or the payment of any fees due and payable by the Landowner on or about the date hereof. . 
 
 The Parties agree and understand that the Joint Venture shall pay an aggregate amount of PKR 550,000,000 (Rupees F ive H undred F ifty M illion only) to the Landowner as consideration for the Project Land (the “ Project Land Cost ”). T he Project Land Cost shall be paid as follows: 
 
 after execution of the Agreement to Sell pertaining to the Project Land and upon fulfilment of obligations in Clause 4.1 , approximately 7% of the Project Land Cost amounting to PKR 38,350,000 (Rupees Thirty-Eight Million and Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner. In this regard, Zameen agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit , as a portion of its Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, the amount mentioned in this Clause 4.8 (a) (that is an amount of PKR 38,350,000) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4.8 (a). The Agreement to Sell shall specifically provide that simultaneous to receipt of this payment of PKR 38,350,000 (Rupees Thirty-Eight Million and Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) , the process of verification and transfer/conveyance of the Project Land to the Joint Venture shall be initiated and the Landowner shall give a written acknowledgement to the Joint Venture stating that this amount has been received by him in full as consideration for the initiation of the verification and transfer process . 
 
 simultaneously with t he execution of the Sale Deed pertaining to the Project Land, approximately 26 % of the Project Land Cost amounting to PKR 143,150,000 (Rupees One Hundred and Forty-Three Million One Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner . In this regard, Zameen agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit , as the full and final portion of its Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, the amount mentioned in this Clause 4.8 (b) (that is an amount of PKR 143,150,000 ) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4.8 ( b ). The Agreement to Sell and/or Sale Deed shall specifically provide that simultaneous to receipt of this payment of PKR 143,150,000 (Rupees One Hundred and Forty-Three Million One Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) , the Landowner shall transfer/convey the Project Land to the Joint Venture and the Landowner shall give a written acknowledgment to the Joint Venture stating that the amount mentioned in this Clause REF _Ref3292598 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.8 REF _Ref4575442 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (a) has been received by him as down/ part - payment under the Agreement to Sell and a s full consideration for the transfer/conveyance of the Project Land to the Joint Venture . 
 
 w ithin 15 days of the execution of the Sale Deed, approximately 26% of the Project Land Cost, amount ing to PKR 143,150,000 (Rupees One Hundred and Forty-Three Million One Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) , shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner. In this regard, EBCO agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit , as a portion of its Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, the amount mentioned in this Clause 4.8 (c) (that is an amount of PKR 143,150,000 ) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4.8 ( c ). If EBCO fails to do the same, it agrees and acknowledges that in such an event the Landowner shall not have any claim against the Joint Venture or Zameen vis-à-vis the Project Land, and EBCO shall guarantee payment of the same to the Landowner; 
 
 within 15 days of the payment mentioned in Clause 4.8 (c) above, approximately 7% of the Project Land Cost, amounting to PKR 38,350,000 (Rupees Thirty-Eight Million and Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand only), shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner. In this regard, EBCO agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit , as the full and final portion of its Initial Contribution towards Project Land Cost, the amount mentioned in this Clause 4.8 (d) (that is an amount of PKR 38,350,000 (Rupees Thirty-Eight Million Three Hundred and Fifty Thousand only) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4.8 (d). If EBCO fails to do the same, it agrees and acknowledges that in such an event the Landowner shall not have any claim against the Joint Venture or Zameen vis-à-vis the Project Land, and EBCO shall guarantee payment of the same to the Landowner; and 
 
 the remaining 34 % of the Project Land Cost , that is an amount of PKR 187,000,000 (Rupees One Hundred And Eighty Seven Million Only) (the “ Outstanding Project Land Cost ”), shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner out of the Sale Proceeds , and disbursed through the Project Land Cost Account within 2 (two) years , commencing 6 (six) months after the Commercial Launch . 
 
 N otwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, the obligation to pay the Outstanding Project Land Cost set out in Clause REF _Ref3292598 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.8 REF _Ref3292603 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT (e) above along with the Incurred Cost set out in Clause 4.1(a) above will be subject to and conditional upon availability of funds in and timely disbursement of Outstanding Project Land Co st, from time to time, from the Master Account in accordance with Clause REF _Ref5869102 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.4 below. It is further agreed between the Parties that in the event that the Outstanding Project Land Cost and /or Incurred Cost , or any amount thereof, remains unpaid after the expiry of the period specified in Clau s e 4.8( e ) above, then such amount shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner as follows: 
 
 within a period of thirty (30) days of the expiry of the period specified in Clause 4.8 (e) , 50% of the Outstanding Project Land Cost and/or 50% of the Incurred Cost remaining at the time of such expiry shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner. In this regard, Zameen agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit 50% of the Outstanding Project Land Cost remaining at the time of expiry of the period specified Clause 4.8 (e) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4. 9 (a) , and the Landowner shall give a written acknowledgement to the Joint Venture stating that this amount has been received by him from the Joint Venture as full and final settlement of 50% of Outstanding Project Land Cost and/or Incurred Cost remaining at the time , with the remaining 50% to be recovered from EBCO directly in terms of Clause 4.9 (b) below ; and . 
 
 within a period of 45 (forty-five) days of the expiry of the period specified in Clause 4.8 (e) , 50% of the Outstanding Project Land Cost and/or 50% of the Incurred Cost remaining at the time shall be paid by the Joint Venture to the Landowner. In this regard, EBCO agrees, confirms and undertakes that it shall deposit 50% of such Outstanding Project Land Cost and/or 50% of the Incurred Cost remaining at the time of expiry of the period specified in Clause 4.8 (e) in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with this Clause 4.9 ( b ) . If EBCO fails to do the same, it agrees and acknowledges that in such an event the Landowner shall not have any claim against the Joint Venture or Zameen vis-à-vis the Outstanding Project Land Cost , and EBCO shall guarantee payment of the same to the Landowner . 
 
 The Parties and the Landowner agree that the complete possession and control of the Project Land will at all times remain with the Joint Venture for undertaking the Project in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 PROJECT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE 
 Formation, and Appointment of Members 
 
 The Parties agree and understand that for the purposes of undertaking and managing the Project in terms of Clause REF _Ref6255700 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 5.2 below, the Project Management Committee will be formed comprising of the Members, which shall be deemed to exist from the Effective Date . 
 
 T he Parties will exercise their respective voting rights in the Project Management Committee and take such other steps as are necessary to ensure that the Project Management Committee consists of four (4) members, two (2) of whom will be nominated by Zameen and two (2) of whom will be nominated by EBCO . 
 
 A Party may nominate alternate members to represent any of the Members nominated by it, by giving written notice to and obtaining prior approval of the Project Management Committee and the other Party . 
 
 
 The Parties hereby agree and understand that initially, Project Management Committee shall consist of the following M embers: 
 
 1 st nominee of Zameen : Zeeshan Ali Khan 
 
 2 nd nominee of Zameen : Imran Ali Khan 
 
 1 st nominee of EBCO : Naseehuddin Sheikh 
 
 2 nd nominee of EBCO : Hasan Sheikh 
 
 Responsibilities of the Project Management Committee 
 
 The Project Management Committee shall supervise, direct and control the Marketing Company, Contractors, Construction Contractors, sub-contractors, other skilled and un-skilled labor. The Project Management Committee shall ensure that the Project conforms to the Project Master Plan. 
 In this regard, the Project Management Committee shall devise and implement effective mechanisms and systems for maintaining constant and regular checks on the pace and quality of the Works at the Project Land. 
 
 The Project Management Committee shall be responsible for the complete coordination of all Works to be performed for the purposes of executing the Project. These shall include, inter alia : 
 
 Construction and development of the Project, developing the Schedule of Works, Criteria for Selection, managing the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture , and overseeing the overall maintenance of the Project; 
 
 Recruitment and training of personnel required for the day-to-day management of the Project; 
 
 Recruitment of an independent quantity/quality surveyor and external auditor for conducting an independent review of the Project’s construction and expenses; 
 
 Reviewing and approving the sales and marketing targets for the Project (the “ Marketing Targets ”); 
 
 Preparing the Project Contracts and other related documents, including the Construction Contract and preparing and finalizing the bill of quantities ( BOQs ); 
 
 Assess ing , maintain ing and regularly updat ing list of the Contractor’s construction equipment and ensuring that the same complies with the list of equipment submitted by the Contractor as per the provisions of the Construction Contract and the requirements of the latest/updated Schedule of Works; 
 
 Reviewing and approving the disbursement of profits to the Parties in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3293239 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 11 below; 
 
 Carry ing out continuous inspection at the Project Land where Construction is in progress; and 
 
 Engaging in any other incidental activities relating to the Project. 
 
 The Project Management Committee may devise and implement systems for provision of m aintenance and hotel management services for the Complex upon Project Completion, including inter alia identifying service providers and preparing the Maintenance Services Agreement . 
 
 
 
 
 
 Quorum 
 
 The quorum for a meeting of the Project Management Committee will be two (2) Members, provided that one (1) Member nominated by each Party is present at the meeting, unless waived by the Parties in writing. 
 
 Voting entitlements 
 
 The voting entitlements of the Members at a meeting of the Project Management Committee (whether on a show of hands or a poll) are as follows: each Member present or represented is entitled to one (1) vote, provided that i f all Members are not present at any meeting, the Members present representing each Party will be entitled to vote on behalf of the Members not so present who are nominees of that Party . 
 
 Resolutions 
 
 Any and all resolutions of the Project Management Committee require the affirmative vote of at least two (2) Members , provided further that one (1) Member nominated by each Party is present at the meeting and votes in favour of the said resolution. 
 
 Time and Notice of meetings 
 
 Unless all the Members otherwise agree, a meeting of the Project Management Committee shall be held at least once every calendar month , or as otherwise determined by the Project Management Committee, in Lahore or Islamabad/ Rawalpindi , as mutually agreed in writing b etween the Members in advance . Members may either be present in person, through video link, telephone or by proxy. 
 
 Unless all the Members otherwise agree, the Joint Venture must give each Member at least 15 days ’ written notice of a meeting of the Project Management Committee. 
 
 Written resolutions 
 
 A resolution of the Project Management Committee may be made in writing signed by the requisite majority of the Members as per Clauses REF _Ref3301386 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 5.3 and REF _Ref3301388 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 5.5 above, provided it is circulated to all the Parties . It is clarified that the written resolution of the Project Management Committee may be signed by the Members through digital signature. In case the Members receive a proposed resolution pursuant to this Clause 5.7 , then the Members shall respond immediately and shall do so no later than two (2) Business Days from the receipt of said resolution. 
 IRRECONCILABLE DEADLOCK 
 In the event that EBCO and Zameen are unable to agree on ( i ) any of the matters set forth in Annexure D (“ Major Decisions ”), or (ii) on any modification to the list of matters constituting Major Decisions, for thirty (30) days consecutively , then the Senior Officers will meet to negotiate. 
 
 If the matter remains unresolved for ten (10) days following the start of negotiations under Clause REF _Ref5866704 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 6.1 above , then either Zameen or EBCO shall have the right to issue a notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock. Following the giving of such notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock, the Buy-Out Procedures set forth in Clause 6.3 shall apply. Provided however that each of the Parties shall ensure that the Project shall continue during the pendency of an Irreconcilable Deadlock or the activation of the Buy-Out Procedure and in this regard, no Party shall : 
 
 take any step or action that may adverse ly affect , or 
 
 fail to take any step or action required for 
 
 the smooth operation and continuation of the Project. For the avoidanc e of doubt, it is clarified that that any Party in breach of its aforesaid obligation shall be liable to compensate the Joint Venture and the other Party for any damages caused by its breach. 
 
 Buy-Out Procedure 
 
 Within thirty (30) days following delivery of a notice of Irreconcilable Deadlock, either Zameen or EBCO may advise the other in writing that it offers to buy the interest of the other, specifying the price at which it is willing to buy, as the case may be (the “ Initial Offer ”). Upon receipt of an Initial Offer, the other Party must respond in writing within ten (10) days indicating its acceptance of the Initial Offer or making a counteroffer to buy the interest, as set out in Clause 6.3(c) , of the Party making the Initial Offer, specifying the price at which such Party is willing to buy (the “ Response ”). If there is no Response containing a counteroffer , then the Initial Offer will be deemed to be accepted without requiring any further act or notice by the Party making the Initial Offer . 
 
 If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that both Parties wish to buy the interest of the other in the Joint Venture , they shall continue negotiations in an effort to reach a final agreement on price. If the Parties have been unable to reach an agreement as to price within ten (10) days of the Response, then either Party may require that the bidding procedure specified in this Clause 6.3 be followed. 
 
 If the Initial Offer and the Response indicate that each Party wishes to buy the interest, of the other, they shall begin a bidding process and the highest bidding Party shall buy the respective interest of the other Party . Either Party can make an initial offer. The other Party must respond either by accepting such initial offer or delivering a counteroffer, within a period of 2 days, which must be at least 2% higher than such initial offer, and each subsequent offer must be at least 2% higher than the immediate prior offer. This bidding process shall continue till there is no higher counter offer received within the aforementioned 2 day s’ period to the last offer received, and such last offer shall be deemed to have been accepted. For the avoidance of doubt, both Parties acknowledge and confirm that even in the absence of a positive acceptance, failure to make a higher counter offer in terms hereof to the last offer within the aforementioned 2-day s’ period shall constitute acceptance immediately upon which there shall be an agreement to sell between the P arties, which shall be specifically enforceable. 
 
 Upon an offer being accepted in terms of Cla use 6.3(c) above , the P arty whose offer has been accepted shall be required to make payment of the full amount to the other P arty within a period of 180 days from the date of such acceptance. 
 
 For the purposes of this Clause REF _Ref6316777 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 6.3 (e) , all offers and counteroffers must be in writing and in a form which is firm and binding; all offers must be responded to within two (2 ) days of the receipt of notice of the prior offer (except a Response to an Initial Offer under Clause REF _Ref6316777 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 6.3 ( REF _Ref6252716 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT a) above, which must be delivered within ten (10) days). If no response to an offer or counteroffer is received within the stipulated time, the immediate prior offer shall be deemed to be accepted, and the Parties shall take all actions necessary and within its powers to conclude such sale . 
 
 The Parties undertake and agree that in the event of an Irreconcilable Deadlock which results in under taking of the Buy-Out Procedures, the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party shall be entitled to undertake the Project on its own or through any other third party and shall be solely entitled to any and all right(s) and/or interest(s) in the Project and/or Project Land . In this regard, the outgoing Party within forty-five (45) days after the offer is accepted in terms of Clause 6.3(c) above : 
 
 shall ensure that all possible / required steps are undertaken , including without limitation novating / waiving / foregoing / assigning in favour of such acquiring Party any and all rights that may have been created in its favour , enabling the acquiring Party to undertake the Project as per its own will; 
 
 take such steps and execute such agreement(s) as may be required so as to ensure that the possession, ownership and title of the Project Land shall vest solely with the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party and to ensure that the outgoing Party shall have no interest whatsoever in the Project and/or the Project Land ; 
 
 hereby undertakes that any and all rights created in its favour under this Agreement , if applicable, shall stand discharged and the outgoing Party shall have no right(s) and/or interest(s) either in the Project or Project Land upon completion of Buy-Out Procedures and transfer of the Project ; 
 
 shall do such other things and execute such other documents as shall be necessary or as the Party acquiring the interest of the other Party may reasonable request to give effect to the transfer. 
 PROJECT DEVELOPMENT 
 Project Construction 
 
 Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Joint Venture acting through the Project Management Committee , shall appoint a Construction Contractor for the purposes of undertaking the development and construction of the Project for and on behalf of the Joint Venture as per the Project Master Plan and in accordance with the terms and condition s contained in the Construction Contract. The Parties undertake to render comp lete cooperation in this regard . 
 
 The Construction Contract or shall be selected after calling of tenders based on BOQs requisitioned by the Project Management Committee in accordance with the specifications set out in the Criteria for Selection. EBCO or its nominee, as the case may be, shall be offered the right of first refusal to match the most optimal terms of cost , time and quality offered by a potential Contractor on the basis of the BOQs . In the event that EBCO exercises the right by matching the terms, the Joint Venture will enter into a Construction Contract with EBCO . Otherwise, the Joint Venture will appoint a Construction Contractor that had offered the best terms . 
 
 The cost of Construction shall be a cost of the Project and will be disbursed from the Master Account to the Construction Cost Account in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3292395 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.2 below. 
 
 Pr o ject Commencement 
 
 The Joint Venture shall commence the Works for the Project on the Project Commencement Date. 
 
 The Parties clearly understand and agree that the Works for the Project must be completed within the time frames set out in the Schedule o f Works provided that the Project Land shall have been transferred/conveyed and handed over to the Joint Venture . 
 
 Sub ject to a written agreement between the Parties , completion time of the Project may be revised (altered) in the following cases : 
 
 i ) When the scope, nature and the design of the Works is changed by either Party , and if these changes affect the Schedule of Works of the Project. 
 ii) If the Wo rks are delayed or stopped without the fault of the Joint Venture or any of the Contractors , including the Construction Contractor . 
 
 7 . 3 Sub-Contracting 
 
 The Joint Venture may engage Contractors other than the Construction Contractor pursuant to Project Contracts to undertake the various aspects of the Project. 
 
 Notwithstanding any sub-cont racting in accordance with this Agreement, the Contractor shall remain fully liable and responsible for undertaking the Project and fulfilling its obligations under the relevant Project Contract in a timely and efficient manner in accordance with the Project Master Plan. 
 PROJECT MARKETING AND SALE 
 Marketing Company 
 
 The Project will be marketed and promoted , the Units will be sold by the Joint Venture and the Marketing Targets will be attained by the Project Management Committee through Zameen Media (Private) Limited (the “ Marketing Company ”) , in the Project Name (the “ Marketing Services ”) . In this regard, the Parties agree and understand that the Marketing Company will enter into a m arketing a greement with the Joint Venture recording the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Marketing Services will be provided for the Project (the “ Marketing Agreement ”). The terms and conditions of the Marketing Agreement shall include, inter alia : 
 
 Collection of no more than 30 ( t hirty) per cent of the Buyers’ Deposits by the Marketing Company and deposi t of the same in the Master Account; and 
 
 Provision of training by the Marketing Company to th e employees of the Joint Venture responsible for collecting the remaining 70 ( s eventy) per cent of the Buyers’ Deposit s . 
 
 The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Marketing Company shall have the exclusive right to sell the Units and , in this regard, the Marketing Company may collect the Buyers’ Deposits and staged payments from Buyers on behalf of the Joint Venture in the manner detailed in Clause 8.1 ( a) ( i ) . The Buyers’ Deposits shall be deposited in the Master Account and shall be dealt with in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3293061 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10 . 
 
 EBCO acknowledges and agrees that the Marketing Company will be responsible for providing the Marketing Services , and in this regard, the Marketing Company will have the exclusive right to devise marketing and promotional schemes, campaigns and materials for effectively promoting and marketing the Project through the print, electronic and other media. 
 
 Marketing Services Fee 
 
 In conside ration of the provision of the Marketing S ervices, the Joint Venture shall pay to the Marketing Company a fee equivalent to 10 % of the Total Sale Revenues (the “ Marketing Services Fee” ) , regardless of the quantum of actual expenses incurred by the Marketing Company for the provision of the Marketing Services, which shall be disbursed through the Ma rketing Account in accordance with Clause REF _Ref5866720 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.3 below . 
 
 The Parties understand and agree that notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, the obligation to undertake the marketing of the Project will be subject to and conditional upon availability and timely disbursement of Marketing Services Fee , from time to time, from the Ma rketing Account in accordance with Clause REF _Ref5866720 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.3 below . 
 M AINTENANCE OF AND HOTEL MANAGEMENT FOR THE PROJECT 
 
 The Parties agree that the Joint Venture may enter into a separate agreement for the provision of maintenance and hotel management services by service provider s selected by the Project Management Committee for the provision of maintenance and hotel management services for the Complex upon Project Completion (the “Maintenance Services Agreement” ). 
 P ROJECT BANK ACCOUNTS 
 Master Account 
 
 For the purposes of the receipt of the Sale Proceeds of the Project and disbursements , in order of pr ecedence , ( i ) to the Project Land Cost Account ; (ii) to the Marketing Cost Account; (iii) to the Construction Cost Account ; and ( i v) on account of allocation of profits to the Parties , the Joint Venture shall open a bank account with a scheduled bank acceptable to the Parties immediately following the Effective Date. 
 
 The Buyers’ Deposits from the sale of Units in the Project and any other revenue generated by the Joint Venture from the Project shall be initially deposited in the Master Account, which shall be utili zed in accordance with this Clause REF _Ref3293061 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10 . 
 Each Party shall be entitled to nominate one (1) person to be appointed as a joint signatory of the Master Account . 
 
 Construction Cost Account 
 
 The Construction Cost Account shall be opened subsequent to the opening of the Project Master Account (as per Clause REF _Ref3385409 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.1 above) and the authorized signatories shall be such person(s) as may be determined by the Joint Venture . 
 
 At the end of each Month and till such time that the Construction is completed and no further payment obligations exist for the J oint V enture under the Construction Contract , a portion of the Buyers’ Deposits collected during that Month , to be determined by the Project Management Committee, shall be transferred to the Construction Cost Account from the Project Master Account for the purposes of undertaking Construction. 
 
 Any funds transferred to the Construction Cost Account shall only be utilized for the sole purpose of completing the Construction . 
 
 Marketing Cost Account 
 
 Simultaneous to the opening of the Construction Cost Account (as per Clause REF _Ref3292395 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.2 above), the Marketing Cost Account shall be opened and the authorized signatories shall be such person(s) as may be determined by the Joint Venture. 
 
 At the end of each Month and till such time that the Marketing Fee has been paid in full , 10 % of the Buyers’ Deposits collected during that Month shall be transferred in the Marketing Cost Account from the Project Master Account for the purposes of payment of the Marketing Fee. 
 
 Project Land Cost Account 
 
 Simultaneous to the opening of the Constructio n Cost Account (as per Clause REF _Ref3292395 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 10.2 above), the Project Land Cost Account shall be opened . 
 
 At the end of each Month and till such time that the Outstanding Project Land Cost and the Incurred Costs have been paid in full , a minimum of 7 % , but never exceeding 10%, of the Buyers’ Deposits collected during that Mon th shall be transferred in the Project Land Cost Account from the Project Master Account for the purposes of payment of the Outstanding Project Land Cost and the Incurred Costs, as the case may be . All funds in the Project Land Cost Account shall be applied on a n 85 :1 5 ratio towards payment of the Outstanding Land Cost and the Incurred Costs , respectively , and the actual percentage of the Buyers’ Deposits so transferred to the Project Land Cost Account in terms of this Clause 10.4 (b) shall be determined each month by the Project Management Committee . 
 
 PROFIT SHARING 
 The Parties agree and understand that after deduction of /payment , in order of precedence to : 
 
 Project Land Cost Account , 
 
 Marketing Cost Account , 
 Construction Cost Account , and 
 
 any other deductions/payments required by the Laws of Pakistan, 
 
 from the Total Sales Revenue, the remaining amount upon Project Completion shall be shared between Zameen and EBCO in accordance with Profit Sharing Formula given in Clause 3. 2 . 
 
 Each Party will be responsible for any taxes due and payable by it including but not limited to any taxes on its respective share of profit in terms of this C lause 11.2 . 
 
 The Project Management Committee will decide on a periodical basis , but not before payment of 50% of the Outstanding Project Land Cost and 50% of the Incurred Cost by the Joint Venture to the Landowner as envisaged in Clause 4.9 (a) , on how the profits are to be disbursed to the Parties . 
 PERFOR MA NCE OF AGREEMENT 
 If any event, action or occurrence beyond the control of the Parties (including any injunction/stay order) prevents /hinders the Joint Venture from marketing , selling one or more of the Units or constructing one or more of the Units and/or the Complex , as the case may be , the n the time frames given in this Agreement for the performance of the Parties ’ respective rights and obligations under this Agreement , except as per Clause 4.9 , shall be accordingly delayed/postponed until such event, action or occurrence shall have ceased /abated/stopped/withdrawn , as applicable. 
 TERMINATION 
 This Agreement may be terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 13.1 in case there occurs an Event of Default. The following shall be the "Event s of Default": 
 
 EBCO fails to ensure that the Landowner has obtained any or all of the Project Approvals on behalf of the Joint Venture and, in this regard, has made all required submissions to the Office of the Cantonment Board, Rawalpindi, with forty-five (45) days of the Effective Date ; 
 
 EBCO fails to pay to Zameen 50% of the Project Approval s Cost , along with 50% of the applicable taxes in relation thereto, in terms of Clause REF _Ref3292789 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4.1 (d) within thirty (30 ) days of the execution of the Sale Deed ; 
 EBCO fails to deposit its 50% contribution (that is an aggregate amount of PKR 181,500,000) or any part thereof in the account of the Joint Venture within sufficient time to enable the Joint Venture to make payment in accordance with Clause 4.8 ( c ) and (d) ; 
 
 Termination of the Agreement to Sell in accordance with the terms thereof ; 
 
 a material breach by a Party of any term or condition of this Agreement including failure to fulfill its financial obligations under this Agreement; 
 
 any material breach by a Party of a representation, warranty or covenant made herein or in case the same is found to be false or incorrect ; 
 
 any assignment or novation of rights by a Party in violation of this Agreement unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties ; 
 
 Zameen fails to pay Project Approvals Cost to the Landowner in terms of Clause 4.1 (d); 
 
 Zameen fails to deposit its contribution towards the Project Land Cost (that is an aggregate amount of PKR 181,500,000 ) in the account of the Joint Venture in terms of Clause 4.8 (a) and 4.8 (b) ; 
 
 Zameen fails to deposit its contribution towards 50% of the Outstanding Project Land Cost and/or 50% of the Incurred Cost in terms of Clause 4.9 (a). 
 
 Upon occurrence of a n Event of Default under Clause REF _Ref3293680 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.1 REF _Ref3293690 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT a) , REF _Ref3293708 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT b) , REF _Ref5873014 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT c) , d), h) i ) &amp; j) the non-defaulting Party may deliver a Default Notice to the Party in breach at any time thereafter. The Default Notice shall specify in detail the applicable Event of Default that gives rise to the Default Notice. 
 
 Following the giving of a Default Notice, the Parties shall consult for a period not to exceed thirty ( 30 ) days , unless otherwise agreed by the Parties ( “Consultation Period” ), as to what steps must be taken by the Party in breach to mitigate the consequences of the Event of Default and the circumstances which gave rise thereto. 
 
 During the period following delivery of the Default Notice, the Party in breach may continue to undertake efforts to cure the default, and if the default is cured to the non-defaulting Party ’s satisfaction prior to delivery of a Notice of Termination pursuant to Clause REF _Ref3294569 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.5 , then the non-defaulting Party shall be prohibited from issuing a Notice of Termination or otherwise proceeding with termination of this Agreement for such Event of Default. 
 
 Upon expiration of the Consultation Period, unless the Parties have otherwise agreed or the Event of Default has been cured under Clause REF _Ref3294580 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.4 above, the non-defaulting Party may terminate this Agreement by delivering a Notice of Termination to the Party in breach . 
 
 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by EBCO (including on account of any act or omission of the Landowner ) under Clause REF _Ref3293680 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.1 REF _Ref5873148 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT a) , 50% of all payment for Project Approvals Cost , along with 50% of the applicable taxes, made by Zameen to the Landowner on behalf of the Joint Venture and EBCO will be deposited by EBCO in the Master Account within thirty (30) days of such default and returned immediately by the Joint Venture to Zameen therefrom , or deposited in such other bank account as may be specified by Zameen in writing. 
 
 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by EBCO under Clause REF _Ref3293680 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.1 REF _Ref5873288 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT b) , 5 0% of all payment s for Project Approval s Cost , along with 50% of applicable taxes, made by Zameen to the Landowner on behalf of the Joint Venture and EBCO will be immediately deposited by EBCO in the Master Account and returned by the Joint Venture to Zameen therefrom, or deposited in such other bank account as may be specified by Zameen in writing . 
 
 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued due to default by EBCO under Clause 13.1 c), EBCO will ensure that the payment made by the Joint Venture to the Landowner in terms of Clause 4.8 a) shall be the extent of the liability of the Joint Venture for the Project Land Cost . 
 
 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued under Clause REF _Ref3293680 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.1 REF _Ref5873288 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT b) and the Agreement to Sell is terminated as a result of a default by the Landowner under said agreement , EBCO will ensure that the Landlord shall pay to the Joint Venture all payments made by the Joint Venture to the Landowner as sale consideration under the Agreement to Sell until the time of termination thereof . 
 
 In the event that a Notice of Termination is issued by a Party (the “ Non-Defaulting Party ”) due to default by the other Party under Clause REF _Ref3293680 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 13.1 e ) , REF _Ref3293718 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT f) or g ) (the “ Defaulting Party ”) : 
 
 Subject to Clause 13. 10 (c) below, t he Defaulting Party will have no further rights, claims, interests of any nature whatsoever in the Project or the Project Land ; 
 
 The Buyers to whom Units have been sold in terms of this Agreement, shall continue to have all interests, rights and obligations pursuant to the Sale Instruments ; and 
 
 The Non-Defaulting Party may, without prejudice to any other remedy it may have, within a period of fifteen (15) days of the issuance of the Notice of Termination, exercise the option (which Zameen and EBCO hereby irrevocably grant ed to each other) to require the Defaulting Party: 
 
 to sell to the Non-Defaulting Party its share / interest in the Project / Joint Venture at 80 % of the Fair Market Value of its share / interest in the Project / J oint Venture ; or 
 
 to buy from the Non-Defaulting Party its share / interest in the Project / Joint Venture at 120 % of the Fair Market Value of its share / interest in the Project / J oint Venture . 
 
 In order to calculate the Fair M arket Value , the matter will be referred to an Independent Valuer with the request that the Independent Valuer makes a decision on the Fair M arket Value of the Defaulting Party or Non-Defaulting Party’s interest in the Project / Joint Venture , as applicable, which shall be ascertained in accordance with the fair market value of the Project Land , Works undertaken and Construction completed on the Project Land at the time of default, outstanding liabilities and any other standard or criteria determined by the Independent Valuer . The Independent Valuer must be requested to make a decision as soon as practicable after receiving any submissions from the Parties , which submissions must be made by them within 21 days after the matter is referred to the Independent Valuer . In the absence of manifest error, the decision of the Independent Valuer is to be conclusive and binding on the Parties . The Parties agree that the Independent Valuer’s costs and expenses in connection with the reference will be paid by the Defaulting Party. The Independent Valuer will be appointed as an expert and not as an a rbitrator . 
 
 In the event that the Parties are unable to agree on a single Independent Valuer from amongst the Big Four consulting firms, the Independent Valuer shall be constituted as a panel of three (3) valuers where each Party will appoint one valuer each and such appointed valuers shall jointly nominate the third valuer from amongst the Big Four consulting firms , namely ( i ) Deloitte Yousaf Adil ; (ii) Ernst &amp; Young Ford Rhodes Sidat Hyder ; (iii) KPMG; or (iv) AF Ferguson &amp; Co . In this regard, t he Parties agree that each Party shall bear the cost of the valuer appointed by such Party, and the Parties shall equally share the cost of the third valuer . The decision of the third valuer so appointed by the first two shall be final and binding on the Parties. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, Zameen hereby makes the following representations, warranties and undertaking to EBCO : 
 
 Zameen is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the L aws of Pakistan. 
 
 Zameen has the power and authority under its respective Memorandum and Articles of Associations or other such constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of its Memorandum and Articles of Associations and/or any agreement/contract by which it is bound. 
 
 Zameen has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement. 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby. 
 
 Zameen has sufficient capacity and resources necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, EBCO hereby makes the following representations, warranties and undertaking to Zameen: 
 
 EBCO is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the Laws of Pakistan. 
 
 it has power to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and all necessary action has been taken to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, which constitutes its valid and legally binding obligations enforceable in accordance with the terms stated herein. 
 
 the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not ( i ) contravene any existing law, regulation or authorization to which it is subject (ii) result in any breach of or default under any agreement or other instrument to which it is a Party or is subject to or (iii) contravene any provision of its constitutive documents or rules and regulations to which it is subject. 
 
 EBCO shall ensure and undertakes that at all times there is nothing in any law applicable to EBCO including but not limited to its constitutive laws, bye-laws, rules, regulations and policies, by whatever name called, which prevents, restricts, curtails, hampers, hinders or renders procedurally cumbersom e the acquisition or further dealing by the Joint Venture of/with the Project Land or any parts thereof in terms of this Agreement. 
 
 EBCO shall ensure that the Landowner, as the owner of the Project Land , completely delivers the Project Land to the Joint Venture in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3294988 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4 . 
 
 EBCO shall ensure that no fees dues, levies, taxes or charges, by whatever name called, are claimed/demanded and/or recovered/received by or on behalf of the Landowner, on account of the issuance and delivery of the Project Land to the Joint Venture in terms of Clause REF _Ref3294988 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 4 above. If the Joint Venture, and in particular Zameen, suffer(s) any loss and damage due to any breach of this provision, then EBCO shall, without prejudice to both the Joint Venture’s and Zameen’s other rights and remedies under this Agreement or under the law, indemnify the Joint Venture or Zameen, as applicable, to the full extent of any such loss and damage. 
 
 EBCO has sufficient capacity and resources necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 LIABILITIES AND INDEMNITIES 
 Except to the extent expressly provided for in this Agreement, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party in contract, tort, warranty, strict liability, or any other legal theory for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, or exemplary damages. Neither Party shall have any liability to the other Party except pursuant to or for breach of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Party shall indemnify the other Party and its directors, officers, shareholders and employees against and hold harmless at all times from any and all loss incurred in relation to damage to property or personal injury or death arising out of the negligent or intentional act or omission on its part in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 In the event of a direct loss incurred by either Party or its directors, officers, shareholders or employees in relation to damage to property or personal injury or death arising out of negligent or intentional acts or omissions which are the subject matter of this Agreement but which result from the joint or concurrent negligent or intentional act or omission of both Parties , each Party shall be liable in proportion to its degree of negligence or fault. 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 Each Party shall ensure that all documents and information related to the Project shall be kept confidential , unless: 
 
 required to disclose such information by judicial or administrative process or otherwise in accordance with any law or the rules of any recognized stock exchange applicable to the disclosing Party ; 
 
 with the consent of the non-disclosing Party (not to be unreasonably withheld), disclosed in the interests of the Project; 
 
 disclosed to its legal, financial and/or technical advisors or pursuant to the Project Contracts , provided that prior to making such disclosure, the disclosing Party obtains an appropriate confidentiality undertaking regarding such documentation or information from the person to whom such information is to be disclosed; or 
 
 disclosed in a legal action or proceeding brought by either Party in pursuit of its rights or in exercise of its remedies. 
 
 This Clause REF _Ref3295453 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 16 does not apply to information ( i ) that the disclosing Party can prove became known to it independently and through no fault of its own, or (ii) such information is or has become public knowledge otherwise than through a wrongful act or default of the disclosing Party . 
 
 The Parties understand and agree that this confidentiality obligation shall survive the expiry or termination of this Agreement and all such confidential information shall be kept confidential until otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing. 
 NOTICES 
 All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or transmitted by telefax to the respective Party at the following addresses: 
 
 Zameen 
 
 Address: 3 rd Floor, 94-B/1, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore 
 Attention: Legal Department 
 E-mail : legal@zameen.com 
 
 EBCO : 
 
 Address: 7-A, Najam Shaheed Rd ( st. 13), Westridge 1. Rawalpindi 
 Attention: Hasan Sheikh 
 E-mail: hasan.sheikh@ymail.com 
 
 
 o r such other address (and contact details) as from time to time may be designated by notice from the respective Party to the other Party . Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: ( i ) receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or (ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving Party ’s normal business hours) or next succeeding date on which the receiving Party is normally open for business, if sent by telefax provided that the sender’s transmission report shows the entire facsimile to have been received by the recipient. 
 DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors, in good faith, to settle the dispute or difference by negotiation. Any dispute between the Parties relating to this Agreement will first be submitted in writing to a panel of two persons, one representative each from Zameen and EBCO who will promptly meet and confer in an effort to resolve such dispute. Each Party ’s representative will be identified by notice to the other Party , and may be changed at any time thereafter by notice to the other Party . Any agreed decisions of the representative will be final and binding on the Parties . In the event the representative s are unable to resolve any dispute within thirty (30) days after submission of the same to them, either Party may then refer such dispute to arbitration in accordance with Clause REF _Ref3295476 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 18.2 . 
 
 If no settlement can be reached between the Parties , then the dispute will be submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three (3) arbitrators. Each of the Parties may appoint an arbitrator and such appointed arbitrators shall jointly nominate the third umpire. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Rawalpindi . Each Party shall pay its own legal expenses. The award of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding upon both the Parties . 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement is governed by the Laws of Pakistan and subject to Clause REF _Ref3295476 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT 18.2 above, courts of Pakistan shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters related to or arising out of this Agreement. 
 GENERAL 
 Time shall be of essence to this Agreement as regards the dates specifically mentioned and as to any date that may by agreement in writing between the Parties be substituted for such dates. 
 
 Nothing herein contained shall bar either Party ’s right to obtain injunctive relief against threatened conduct which may cause it to incur loss or damage, under applicable equity roles, including the applicable rules for obtaining restraining orders and preliminary injunctions from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 No right or remedy co nferred upon or reserved to either Party by this Agreement is intended to be or shall be deemed to be exclusive of any other right or remedy herein or by law or equity provided or permitted, but each such right or remedy shall be cumulative of every other right or remedy. 
 
 This Agreement and its Annexures shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties / Parties in respect of the subject-matter hereof, and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous writings, understandings, accords, protocols, or otherwise relating thereto. The Parties may mutually vary the terms of this Agreement or by addendum to this Agreement only by way of a supplementary duly executed written agreement. 
 
 Neither Party shall purport to assign or transfer any rights or obligations arising under this Agreement to any person without the prior written consent of the other Parties hereto. 
 
 Should any provision of this Agreement be found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be given no effect but the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The Parties shall forthwith enter into good faith negotiations to amend the Agreement so that the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision is replaced by a valid, legal, and enforceable provision, which conforms to the extent possible to the intended purpose of the former provision. 
 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day, month and year first abovementioned. 
   
 
 [For Zameen] 
 [For EBCO ] 
 Name: Zeeshan Ali Khan 
 Name: Hasan Sheikh 
 CNIC: 
 CNIC: 
 
 WITNESSES 
 
 
 Witness No. 1 
 Witness No. 2 
 Name: 
 Name: 
 CNIC: 
 CNIC: 
 
 
 
 ANNEX URE A : Project Land 
 ANNEXURE B : Incurred Costs 
 
 Architecture &amp; Design 
 6,125,000 
 Site Office 
 3,941,450 
 Plan Approval Fee 
 3,100,000 
 Soil Testing Report Fee 
 225,000 
 Piling Design Consultation Fee 
 200,000 
 Fire Fighting NOC 
 50,000 
 Other costs 
 2,010,000 
 TOTAL 
 15,651,450 
 
 
 ANNEXURE C : Project Approvals Cost 
 
 Consultancy for legal, financial and audit 
 8,000,000 
 Architecture &amp; Design, Structure, MEP, Fire Fighting 
 3,500,000 
 Approval fee &amp; m isc. expenses 
 3,500,000 
 TOTAL 
 15,000,000 
 
 ANNEXURE D : Major Decisions (see Clause 6.1) 
 
 Any change in members of project management committee and/or senior officers 
 Approval for incurring any costs for Project Approvals and the Project Master Plan over and above any amount that may have previously been agreed. 
 Proposals with regard to material addition to or deletion from or change in the scope and objectives of the joint venture and the nature of the project. 
 Revisions to this list of major decisions. 
 Granting of the signing authorities and power of attorney/ ies on behalf of joint venture (more particularly, for banking operations) except for instruments conferring limited power for performance of such matters in the normal course of business. 
 Finalizing the Criteria for Selection. 
 Finalizing the Schedule of Works 
 Finalizing the bill of quantities (BOQs) 
 Finalizing the construction contractor 
 Finalizing the fair market value share / interest in the Project / Joint Venture. 
 Disbursals from the Master Account and other bank accounts of the Joint Venture. 
 Decisions as to the overall maintenance of the Project. 
 Approving the disbursement of profits from the Joint Venture. 
 Recruitment, retention and dismissal of independent quantity/quality surveyor and external auditor and determination of their remuneration 
 Approval of any revision of budgets. 
 Expenditures in excess of Rs . 5,000,000 (Rupees Five Million) which were not already approved. 
 The sale, lease, disposal or donation of any assets of joint venture other than in the ordinary course of business. 
 Establishing any mortgage, charge or any other encumbrance over any assets of the joint venture. 
 Commencement of any litigation. 
 Change in appointment of third independent valuer /consulting firm. 
 Purchase or acquisition of immoveable assets exceeding Rs . 5,000,000 (Rupees Five Million) by the Joint Venture.