TEMPORARY EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Temporary Employment Agreement (“ Agreement ”) is entered into at [●] on this [●] day of [●] (“Effective Date”) , by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , trading as Zameen .com, a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore , acting through its duly authorised representative [●] (“ Company ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns) 
 
 AND 
 
 Ms./ Mr. [●] d/o s/o w/o [●], bearing CNIC No. [●], resident of [● ] ( “ Employee ”) 
 
 [Each a “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ”] 
 
 WHEREAS, Company is desirous of employing on temporary basis , and the Employee is willing to accept such employment , to undertake and perform the tasks and responsibilities of MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» . 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows : 
 
 SCOPE OF EMPLOYMENT 
 
 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Company hereby engages and the Employee hereby accepts the engagement as MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» , and to provide and perform her/his duties in relation thereto , in a timely, expeditious, and professional manner, and in accordance w ith the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 The Employee shall work under Supervision of her/his line manager. 
 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for a period of [●] or until earlier termination or modification of this Agreement as per the terms hereof and in accordance with applicable laws (“ Employment Period ”). 
 
 RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
 
 Employee is not an agent, representative, assign or nominee of the Company and shall not at any time during the Employment Period or after termination or expiry hereof , represent himself/herself as connected with the Company in any capacity. 
 
 Employee agrees that the Employee does not have the authority to act for or on behalf of the Company , to bind the Company in any respect whatsoever, or to incur any debts or liabilities in the name of or on behalf of the Company . 
 
 During the Employment Period or upon t ermination or expiry hereof , the e mployee shall not ipso facto be entitled to, demand or claim regular or permanent employment. 
 
 Company shall provide to the Employee such access to Company ’s resources, data and information, personnel, equipment, and property as may be reasonably required by the Employee in performance of his/her services , subject to Employee ’s confidentiality obligations hereunder. 
 
 Employee hereby assigns Company the right to monitor and record exchange of any communication, information, or data conducted by the Employee via Company's electronic systems. The Employee understands and acknowledges that the aforesaid consent is necessary for the purpose of: ensuring compliance with Company’s policies, as may be amended from time to time; preventing misuse of Company’s facilities, ensuring compliance with confidentiality obligations or any other term of this Agreement. 
 
 REMUNERATION 
 
 In consideration of the Employee performing her/his duties and responsibilities as MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» under this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Employee , during the Employment Period, such remuneration as has been listed in Annex- A (“ Remuneration ”). Remuneration shall be subject to such deductions (if any), as required by law or as per the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 The Employee is not entitled to receive or claim any additional benefit of any kind from Company other than those specifically mentioned in Annex- A . Further, the Employee shall not be eligible to participate in any pension, health /medical benefit , vacation pay, provident fund or other fringe benefit plan/policy offered by the Company to its permanent employees . However, the Employee shall be entitled to sick pay /medical leave and casual leave on pro-rata basis as per Company policy . 
 
 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 Employee represents and warrants to Company that he/she is under no contractual or other restrictions or obligations which are inconsistent with the execution of this Agreement or which will interfere with the performance of his/her duties and responsibilities under this Agreement . 
 
 Employee represents and warrants that all duties and responsibilities under this Agreement shall be provided and performed by the Employee in a prompt and diligent manner, exercising professional skill and reasonable care, and at a level of proficiency and expertise that is reasonably expected of MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» . 
 
 CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
 In addition to the obligations of the Employee contained herein , the duties of the Employee shall include all such duties as are reasonably expected of a/an MERGEFIELD Designation «Designation» . 
 
 The Employee shall, at all times, exercise reasonable professional skill and care in the performance of his /her duties, and shall comply with all applicable laws, including any duties implied by law. 
 
 The Employee shall perform tasks and undertake responsibilities under the direction and supervision of her/his line manager or any other designated officer , and she/ he will carry out the duties and assignments entrusted to him /her from time to time. 
 
 The Employee shall discharge his /her duties and responsibilities efficiently and diligently to the satisfaction of the Company and shall promote the interests of the Company at all times . 
 
 The Employee shall strictly perform, observe and conform to such duties and instructions as communicated from time to time by the Company and shall not act in any manner contrary to the interests of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall report any wrongdoing committed by her/ him or any other officer t o her/his line manager or any other d esignated o fficer of the Company . 
 
 The Employee shall be advised from time to time by her/his line manager or any other designated officer of the extent and scope of his/her authority in dealing with third parties and shall work strictly within the scope of such authority. In the absence of any specific express written authority, the Employee shall not make any binding commitment on behalf of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall not, at any time, except in the case of illness, absent himself /herself from his /her duties without the prior written consent of the Company. In case of illness, the Employee shall inform the Company at the first opportunity and provide the Company details of any illness along with supporting materials, such as medical certificates and advice. 
 
 The Employee shall, at all times, both within and outside of working hours conduct himself/herself in a proper and fitting manner towards the Company and its customers and duly and properly observe, obey, comply with and adhere to, in all respects, all Company policies (as may be amended from time to time), local laws, rules and regulations for the time being in force. 
 
 The Employee shall not engage directly or indirectly in any other occupation during the Employment Period . 
 
 The Employee shall n ot , at any time, make any untrue or misleading statement relating to the Company, and shall uphold the interests of the Company to the best of her/ his ability and shall do nothing to prejudice such interests at any time, either during the Employment Period or after termination/expiry hereof. 
 
 The Employee shall, at all times, both within and outside of working hours, conduct himself/herself in a proper and fitting manner towards Company and its customers and duly and properly observe, obey, comply with and adhere to, in all respects, all policies of Company (as may be amended from time to time), applicable local laws, rules and regulations. 
 
 The Employee shall not assign the benefit of this Agreement to any third party and shall not delegate to a third party the duties required to be performed by him/her under the Agreement. The Employee shall not act in any manner contrary to the interests of Company . 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 For the purpose of this Contract, the term “ Confidential Information ” shall mean any information which is not known to the public (including, without limitation, any information whether oral or written , content, letter, advice, email, fax, memorandum, contract, plans, report s, presentations, research reports, analysis, summary, training materials or any other document, including all drafts thereof, whether in hard-copy or electronic file format or any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information) furnished directly or indirectly by the Company in good faith under the reasonable belief or express instructions that it shall be in fact treated as confidential. It shall also include any written or verbal information relating to the business or the affairs of: 
 
 the Company, its subsidiaries, associated companies and affiliates; 
 clients of the Company, including any prospective client(s) of the Company, their subsidiaries, associated companies and affiliates; and/or 
 any company, firm or person with which the Company, its subsidiaries, associated companies or affiliates, may at any time be in commercial or technical co-operation or association; 
 
 For the sake of clarification and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is specifically stated that the term “Confidential Information” shall include ( i ) business connections, client details, contracts, payment details, services packages; and (ii) Company’s strategy, business/investment/marketing plans and Company’s financial information. 
 
 The Employee shall not at any time, whether during the Employment Period or thereafter, for any reason whatsoever, disclose, divulge, make public, impart or make use of any Confidential Information for the use of the Employee or for any other purpose or to anyone other than as directed by or with the consent of the Company. 
 
 The Employee shall not, except in the proper course of his duties under this Contract, remove from the premises of the Company or copy or allow others to copy the contents of any document, computer disk, tape or other tangible item which contains any Confidential Information or which belongs to the Company, acquired directly or indirectly during the course of the employment. 
 
 The Employee acknowledges that by virtue of being an Employee of the Company, he /she will, at a minimum, be provided and/or have access to Confidential Information relating to trade secrets, business connections, client details, contracts, payment details, services packages, Company’s strategy, business/investment/marketing plans and Company’s financials and said information has business and financial value to the Company and constitutes its trade secrets. In consideration of such provision or access, the Employee agrees that after termination/expiry of this Contract, he /she shall not disclose such trade secrets. 
 
 INVENTIONS &amp; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 
 The Employee hereby assigns to the Company all rights, including, without limitation, copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights associated with any ideas, concepts, techniques, inventions, processes, works of authorship, Confidential Information or trade secrets: 
 
 conceived, developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, during the Employment Period ; 
 
 that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during the Term of this Contract that relate to the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities, or the actual or anticipated research or development of the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or the predecessors of any such entities; 
 
 that the Employee conceives, develops, discovers or makes in whole or in part during the Employment Period that are made through the use of any of the finances, equipment, facilities, supplies, trade secrets or time of the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities, or that result from any work the Employee performs for the Company or its affiliates, or the predecessors of any such entities; or 
 
 developed or created by the Employee, solely or jointly with others, at any time before the signing of this Contract, that relate to or involve the Company’s businesses (including, inter alia the business of the Company group, i.e. Emerging Markets Property Group (the “ Company Group ” ). 
 
 ( i ), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall collectively be  " Work Product " ) 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent possible, all software, compilations and other original works of authorship included in the Work Product will be considered a work made for hire. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee for any reason retains any right, title or interest in or relating to any Work Product, the Employee agrees promptly to assign, in writing and without any requirement of further consideration, all such right, title, and interest to the Company. Upon request of the Company at any time during or after the Employment Period , the Employee will take such further actions, including execution and delivery of instruments of conveyance, as may be appropriate to evidence, perfect, record or otherwise give full and proper effect to any assignments of rights under or pursuant to this Contract. The Employee will promptly disclose to the Company any such Work Product in writing. 
 
 NON-COMPETE &amp; NON-SOLICITATION 
 
 During the Employment Period, Employee will not engage in any service or related activity that, directly or indirectly, competes with the business activities of Company without obtaining the prior written consent of Company . Employee agrees that for a period of 1 (one) year after expiry or termination of this Agreement, Employee shall not (a) solicit, entice away, discourage or influence in any way an existing or prospective supplier, vendor, contractor, customer or client of Company (b) recruit, solicit, induce or attempt to induce for employment, any Employee of Company or its affiliates. 
 
 The Employee covenants that, during the Employment Period and up to [●] after t ermination or expiry hereof , or such other maximum period as may be permitted under law, she/he shall not, in the geographical area of [●] ( “Territory” ): 
 
 compete with the Company in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, including without limitation as a shareholder, owner, partner, employee , agent or consultant of another competing business; 
 
 shall not in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, give service, information or advice, or in any way become connected with any other company, firm or person engaged in the business similar to that being done by the Company, including those specified in the Recital or any business incidental thereto. This will specifically include the entities mentioned in Clause 37 below; 
 
 solicit or endeavour to entice away from or discourage any dealing with the Company by any person who was, at any time during the period of one year preceding the date of termination/expiry, a supplier, vendor, contractor, customer or client of the Company or endeavour to influence in any way the relationship between any supplier, vendor, contractor or c onsultant and the Company, including any prospective supplier, vendor, contractor, client or customer of the Company, of which the Employee has knowledge, idea or awareness due to his employment; 
 
 supply or provide any goods or services to any person who was, at any time during the period of one year preceding the date of termination/expiry, a supplier, contractor, customer or client of the Company, including any prospective supplier, contractor or client of the Company, of which the Employee has knowledge, idea or awareness due to his employment; 
 
 recruit, solicit, induce or attempt to induce, any employee or consultant or employee of the Company or its affiliates to terminate his/her employment/consultancy with, or otherwise cease their relationship with, the Company or its affiliates, whether or not such person would be in breach of contract by reason of such termination; 
 
 take any action which is prejudicial to the name, business and/or trading position of the Company which would or could cause damage to the Company or any employee of the Company. 
 
 In this regard, the Employee specifically acknowledges and agrees that the aforementioned restrictive covenants shall apply inter alia in respect of the entities listed below (including their subsidiaries, associates, affiliates and any entities in which the same have any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest or with which they have any strategic business relationships): 
 
 Naspers Limited; 
 Rocket Internet SE; 
 Property Finder FZ LLC; 
 Homes Pakistan; and 
 PakWheels (Private) Limited 
 
 The Company is entitled at its sole discretion to add other entities to the above list and notify the same in writing to the Employee . Upon such notification, the additional entity( ies ) shall be deemed to always have been part of this clause. 
 
 CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
 
 At the time of signing of this Agreement, the Employee declares and confirms that he/she has no obligations to any prior employer or other person or organization that may interfere with his/her performance at Company , result in any conflict of interest for Company , its affiliates or clients. The Employee further confirms that he /she has no commitments or restrictions because of past or present consulting agreements, directorships, ownership, or other position or connection with any other organization, and shall not enter into such commitments without prior approval of Company . 
 
 The Employee agrees to disclose any matter urgently to Company including matters relating personal/professional matters if it involves conflict of interest between his/her personal commitments and his/her obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 The Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, accept any commission, rebate, discount, or gratuity, in cash or in kind, from any person, partnership or any third party who has or is likely to have any sort of relationship with Company , its subsidiaries or associated entities. 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 Without prejudice, in the event of breach or violation of his obligations of confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation, the Employee hereby undertakes and a grees to indemnify the Company for a minimum amount of PKR [●] (Rupees [●] only) (the “ Indemnity Amount ”). 
 
 For payment of the Indemnity Amount, the Employee shall execute a promissory note in favo u r of the Company. 
 
 The Company shall also be entitled to recover and set off the Indemnity Amount from any amounts due to the Employee under this Agreement . 
 
 The provision(s) of the promissory note and indemnification by the Employee is without prejudice to any other rights of the Company under this Agreement . Further, the Indemnity Amount is not by way of a cap and in case of any losses/damages/costs incurred or suffered by the Company in excess of the Indemnity Amount, the Employee shall remain liable for any such losses/damages/costs and the Company shall be entitled to recover the same through all available legal means. 
 
 In the event that the Employee performs represents or undertakes anything without or outside the mandate of authorisation from the line manager or any other designated officer , it shall be considered a breach of this Agreement and shall not create any contractual or legal obligations on the Company in any respect. The Employee shall be personally liable to indemnify the Company against any liability (commercial, legal or otherwise) that may arise out of such un-authorized actions or omissions of the Employee . 
 
 Employee shall indemnify and hold harmless Company from and against all claims, damages, losses, and expenses arising out of or resulting from acts or omissions of the Employee. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 This Agreement shall expire u pon successful and satisfactory completion of Employment Period and performance or extinction of commercial requirements and obligations hereunder. 
 
 This Agreement may be terminated b y either Party u pon serving of at least 1 ( one ) days’ written notice to the other Party at any time during the Employment Period; or 
 
 The Company is entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time without notice if the Employee : 
 
 commits a serious breach of his/her obligations as an Employee ; 
 
 the requirements of any regulatory body whose consent is required to undertake his/her appointment are not complied with; 
 
 ceases to be eligible to work in the Pakistan and/or is declared bankrupt. 
 
 is habitually late and absent without permission and is unable to provide a satisfactory explanation of the same or overstays leave without permission; 
 
 has other employment(s) which has not been disclosed to the Company at the time of execution of this Agreement; 
 
 is incapacitated or is caught by any mental disease which undermines his/her capacity to perform his/her duties in Company; 
 
 is convicted of any criminal offence under Pakistan Penal Code, 1860 or any applicable law which carries imprisonment along with it; 
 
 ceases to hold professional qualification; or 
 
 in the reasonable opinion of Company, the Employee is found negligent and incompetent in performance of his/her duties or is guilty of any fraud or dishonest acts which are adverse to the interests of Company. 
 
 The rights of Company to terminate this Agreement are without prejudice to any other rights that it might have at law. 
 
 On termination of this Agreement , the Employee shall immediately (a) deliver to the Company all the documents, records, books, all documents pertaining to Confidential Information, information relating to business affairs, mobile phones, computer, and any keys, which are in the possession of the Employee or under his/her control; and (b) delete all Confidential Information from any computer disks, tapes or other re-usable material in his possession or under his control and destroy all other documents and tangible items and properties in his possession or under his control, which contain or refer to any Confidential Information. 
 
 If upon or after the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, the Employee is or becomes indebted to the Company in any sum or sums of money, the Company shall have the right to retain and set off against the amount of such indebtedness the whole or any part of the money then or thereafter becoming due to the Employee . The forgoing right shall be in addition and without prejudice to all other rights, powers and remedies of the Company to recover or obtain payment of the amount of such indebtedness. 
 
 The Employee’s obligations of confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation, and indebtedness under this Agreement shall survive expiry or termination hereof. 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Any notice herein referred to shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given to or served on the Party to whom it is addressed via registered post or email. 
 
 This Agreement, along with Annex-A hereto and all applicable policies of the Company as may be amended from time to time, constitute the entire Agreement between the Parties and overrides any and all verbal or written arrangements made by and between the Parties prior to the execution of this Agreement. 
 
 Execution of this Agreement is done in good faith by the Parties. 
 
 In case the Employee is in breach of the Agreement, the Company shall be entitled to resort to any and all available legal remedies to enforce its contractual rights against the Employee and any person connected thereto and in particular, to seek injunction from a competent forum against the Employee or any other relevant person(s) for the effective enforcement of the aforementioned covenants. In concomitant thereto, the Employee fully understands and agrees to the covenants of the Agreement and acknowledges that in view of the applicable laws as interpreted by the Courts, the same are reasonable in order for the Company to protect its legitimate financial and business interests. 
 
 This Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The Parties hereto submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore . 
 
 Any dispute under or arising out of this Agreement shall be referred in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940 and the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties. 
 
 If either Party fails to fulfill its obligations hereunder when such failure is due to an event of force majeure, then such failure shall not be considered a default of obligations hereunder for the duration of such event, and for such time thereafter as is reasonable to enable the affected Party or Parties to resume performance under this Agreement. Provided that in no event shall such time extend for a period of more than ten business days. 
 
 This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the Parties hereto . The provisions of this Agreement are severable. 
 
 Any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party or Parties hereto entitled to the benefit thereof. Waiver shall be in writing signed by or on behalf of the Party or Parties waiving such terms or conditions. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 SIGNED BY: 
 
 For and on behalf of Employee 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Company 
 [Name, Designation] 
 
 [Name, Designation] 
 
 WITNESSED BY : 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Employee 
 
 
 For and on behalf of Company 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: _______________________