FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 
 M/S HOTEL ONE (PRIVATE) LIMITED 
 
 
 AND 
 
 
 MALL 35, a partnership firm 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FOR OPERATING AND MANAGING HOTEL ONE , RAWALPINDI . 
 
 
 
 
 FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 This FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on this 25 th day of February 2020 (“ Execution Date ”) . 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 M/S Hotel One (P ri v a t e ) Limited , a private limited company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 1 st Floor, NESPAK HOUSE, G-5/2, Islamabad, through its authorized representative Vice President Operations Mr. Ali Zubair s / o Mr. Shahid Zubair duly authorized under the board of directors' resolution dated __ ___ __ _______________ (hereinafter referred to as the " Franchisor " which expression where the context so admits and permits shall mean and include its l egal representatives, executors, administrators and assigns) of the First Part. 
 
 AND 
 
 M all 35 , a partnership firm existing under the laws of Pakistan and having its registered office at 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan, duly authorized under the partners’ resolution dated 21 February 2020 (hereinafter referred to as the " Franchisee " which expression wherever the context so admits and permits shall mean and include its legal representatives, executors, administrators and assigns) of the Second Part. 
 
 
 (The Franchisor and the Franchisee shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “ Parties ”, and individually referred to as a “ Party ” for the purposes of this Agreement) . 
 
 
 WHEREAS , the Franchisee is the sole, exclusive and lawful owner in possession of the commercial property located at 35/A, Police Station Road, Rawalpindi Cantt ., Rawalpindi, measuring 2554.62 square yards (“ Project Land ”) and the commercial building structure to be built thereon (“ Project ”). T he area specified for the H otel (as more particularly defined herein below) shall be fully equipped with furniture, fixtures, and equipment as are required to operate a hotel in accordance with Franchisor’s applicable standards and at the address location specified above with room number information as is attached hereto in Schedule- I and the Franchisee is having full power and absolute authority to the subject premises (“ Premises ” ). The Project Land and Premises are free of all charges &amp; encumbrances whatsoever they may be. 
 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisor operates/manages a chain of hotels in Pakistan under the name and style of “Hotel One” and is the sole owner of the Franchise Marks (as more particularly defined herein below) . Hotel One has achieved a reputation for excellence and high standards and has developed standardized procedures for opening, operating and managing hotels. 
 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisee is desirous of operating and managing the Hotel as a member of Hotel One chain and wishes to obtain franchise from Hotel One /Franchisor for that purpose. Franchisee understands and acknowledges the importance of operating the Hotel in conformity with Hotel One /Franchisor’s b rand m anuals . 
 AND WHEREAS , the Franchisor is ready to grant Hotel One franchise to the Franchisee. The Franchisor is relying upon the Franchisee ’s business skill and f inancial capacity for operating and managing the Hotel . 
 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties , in consideration of the undertakings and commitments of each Party to the other Party set forth herein, agree as follows: 
 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITION OF TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definition of Terms : The following terms when used in this Agreement shall have the meanings indicated below : 
 
 "Accounting Period" shall mean a calendar month. 
 
 "Agreement" shall mean this Franchise Agreement, and all schedules, amendments, modifications, supplements, consolidations, extensions and revisions to this Franchise Agreement agreed by and between the Parties in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
 "Annual Operating Budget" shall mean the budget, submitted by the Franchisee to the Franchisor of the Hotel, and shall include an estimated profit and loss statement for a fiscal year, or in case of a partial fiscal year, the balance of the budget from the fiscal year, including a schedule of hotel room rentals and other rentals and a marketing and business plan and Franchisor shall offer its expertise if required by Franchisee. 
 
 "AOB Objection Notice" shall mean a Notice which contains objections posed by the Franchisor to an Annual Operating Budget proposed by the Franchisor. 
 
 "Applicable Standards" shall mean standards of operation and quality for the Hotel Premises which are : (a) in accordance with the requirements of the Franchisor and are correctly enforced at all hotels owned or managed by the Franchisor and (b) in accordance with applicable Legal Requirements, more specifically, under the provisions of Pakistan Hotel &amp; Restaurants Act, 1976. 
 
 "Benefit Plans" shall mean benefits given by the Hotel management to its employees, and shall include, but not be limited to, pension, medical and health, life insurance and other benefits given by the Franchisor to similar employees employed by the Franchisor in other hotels owned or managed by the Franchisor. 
 
 “ Brand Manuals” shall mean the standard operating procedures developed by the Franchisor for operating its Chain as set forth in Article VII. 
 
 “ Business Acceptance” shall mean that Franchisee shall accept the business that is referred to the Franchisee by the Franchisor as set forth in Article VII. 
 
 "Business Day" shall mean any day excluding : ( i ) Sunday; (ii) any day which is a public holiday under the laws of the Pakistan; and (iii) any day on which banking institutions located in Pakistan are generally not open for the conduct of regular business. 
 
 "Budgeted GOP" shall mean the Gross Operating Profit as set forth in the Annual Operating Budget for the applicable Fiscal Year, as approved by the Franchisor and Franchisee pursuant to Article X II hereof. 
 
 “Chain” shall mean the group of hotels, both franchised and non - franchised, which operate under the system and trade names of Hotel One and Hotel One /Franchisor may elect from time to time to increase or decrease the number of hotels in the Chain and may also elect from time to time to include other properties in the Chain. 
 
 "Commencement Date" shall mean the date from which the Franchise e is operating the Hotel under the Franchise M ark s . 
 
 “Contract(s)” shall mean concessions, leases for commercial space, equipment purchase or lease, and other contracts between the Franchisor and third parties that may be deemed reasonably necessary for the operation of the Hotel. 
 
 “Control” (and any from thereof, such as ‘Controlling’ or ‘Controlled’) shall mean with respect to Hotel One , controlling and managing the company decisions without the Franchisee ’s intervention. 
 
 "Credit List" shall mean the list of companies with which Franchisor carries on the credit business as set forth in Article XII. 
 
 "Deductions" shall mean the following matters: 
 
 Administrative and general expenses and the cost of advertising and business promotion, heat ing , light ing , power, communications (i.e. telephone, fax, cable service and internet) and other utilities, routine repairs, maintenance and minor alterations pertaining to the Hotel; 
 
 Employee Costs and Expenses including Employee Claims but excluding Excluded Employee Claims; 
 
 All costs and fees of independent accountants, attorneys or other third parties who perform services related to the Hotel or the operation thereof; 
 
 The cost and expense of non-routine technical consultants and operational experts for specialized services in connection with the Hotel, including, without limitation, an allocation of costs of Franchisor's corporate staff who may perform special services directly related to the Hotel such as sales and marketing, revenue management, training, property tax services, federal, provincial and/or l ocal tax services, recruiting ; 
 
 Insurance costs and expenses as provided in Article XIII; 
 
 Real estate and property taxes levied or assessed against the Project Land of the Hotel by duly authorized taxing authorities and such other taxes if any, assessed against the Franchisor that are the responsibility of the Franchisee related to the operation and/or ownership of the Hotel; 
 
 Franchise fees, Fee, or compensation or consideration paid or payable to the Franchisor under this Agreement ; 
 
 Marketing Fund as provided in Article VII ; 
 
 The Hotel's allocable share of the actual costs and expenses incurred by the Franchisor in providing Group Services as provided in Clause 7. 12 hereof; 
 
 Online Travel Agent’s fee including, Hotel registration fee, annual renewal fee, commission fee on each room’s sale and any other fee as per the Franchisor’s agreement with the Online Travel Agent ; or 
 
 Other expenses incurred in connection with the maintenance or operation of the Hotel not expressly set forth above and authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 "Employee Claims" shall mean any claims (including all fines , judgments, debts, penalties, costs, litigation expenses, attorneys' fees and expenses , and costs of settlement with respect to any such claim) made by or in respect of an employee or potential hiree against the Franchisee , which are based on a violation or alleged violation of the Employment, Labour Laws or alleged contractual obligations by the Franchisee . 
 
 "Employee Costs and Expenses" shall mean and include , but not be limited to : wages, salaries, bonuses, commissions, Benefit Plans, recruitment costs , workmen’s compensation , compensation in lieu of vacation, sick leave, gratuities and other such benefits for which, the said employees are entitled under the law or in terms of their employment contract . 
 
 "Employment Laws" shall mean all applicable federal, provincial and local laws (including without limitation, any statutes, regulations, ordinances or common laws) regarding the employment, hiring or discharge of persons and shall include Labour Laws. 
 
 "Event(s) of Default" shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.1. 
 
 "Executive Employees" shall mean executives employed by the Franchisor , including inter alia departmental heads and senior employees of the Franchisor . 
 
 "FF&amp;E" shall mean furniture, furnishings, fixtures, soft goods, case goods, signage and equipment (including, without limitation, telephone systems, facsimile machines, communication systems, audio visuals equipment, and all computer and other equipment needed for the reservation system , the Property Management System and all other electronic systems ) specified by Hotel One /Franchisor from time to time . 
 
 "Fiscal Year" shall mean the twelve (12) month calendar year ending on 30 th of June, except that the first Fiscal Year and last Fiscal Year of the term of this Agreement may not be a full calendar year. 
 “Fixed Sales, Marketing and Franchisee Fee” shall mean the amount paid monthly by the Franchisee to the Franchisor for using the franchise mark s of the Franchisor as set forth in Article III. 
 
 "Fixed Asset Supplies" shall mean supply items included within the "Property and Equipment" category of the Applicable Standards , including store supplies i.e. linen, china, glassware, silverware, uniforms, and similar items. 
 
 "Food &amp; Beverage Operation" shall mean and include: ( i ) all restaurant, dining, bar and lounge services; (ii) all food and beverage services for banquets, meetings and conventions; (iii) room services; (iv) in-house or outside catering; and (v) any other food and beverage services of the Hotel. 
 
 "Food &amp; Beverage Revenue" shall mean all revenues and receipts of every kind received from operating the Hotel Food &amp; Beverage Operation including revenues and receipts from: ( i ) all restaurant, dining, bar and lounge services; (ii) all food and beverage services for banquets, meetings and conventions; (iii) room services; (iv) in-house or outside catering; and (v) any other income from food and beverage services of the Hotel. 
 
 "Force Majeure" shall mean any act of God (including adverse weather conditions); act s of the state or federal government in its sovereign or contractual capacity; war; civil disturbance, riot or mob violence; terrorism; earthquake, flood, fire or other casualty or calamity; epidemic; quarantine restriction; labour strikes or lock out; freight embargo; civil disturbance; or similar causes beyond the reasonable control of the Parties . 
 
 "Franchise Marks" shall mean the name “Hotel One” and include any similar name, trade mark, symbol trade name sign, associated with the Hotel One name. 
 
 “Franchise Marks and Technical Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Article III of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisee" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisor" shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
 
 "Franchisor Affiliate Entity or Entities" shall mean any entity controlled directly or indirectly by Hotel One/Franchisor. For purposes hereof, "controlled" shall mean: ( i ) the possession, directly or indirectly of a majority of the voting power and capital stock or ownership interest of such entity, or (ii) the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity in the capacity of chief executive officer, president, chairman, or other similar capacity where they are actively engaged and/or involved in providing such direction or control and spend a substantial amount of time managing such entity), as set forth in Article XXII. 
 
 "Gross Revenue(s)" shall mean all revenues and receipts of every kind received from operating the Hotel and all departments and parts thereof; including but not limited to, income from both cash and credit transactions, income from the rental of rooms, stores, offices, banquet rooms, conference rooms, exhibits or sale space of every kind, license, lease and concession fees and rentals (not including gross receipts of licensees, lessees and concessionaires), vending machines, health club membership fees, food and beverage sales, wholesale and retail sales of merchandise, service charges, and proceeds, if any, from business interruption or other loss of income insurance; provided, however , that Gross Revenue shall not include : (a) gratuities to the Hotel's employees, (b) federal, state or municipal excise, sales or use taxes or similar impositions collected directly from customers, patrons or guests or included as part of the sales prices of any goods or services paid over to federal, state or municipal governments, (c) property insurance or condemnation proceeds (excluding proceeds from business interruption or other loss of income coverage), (d) proceeds from the sale or refinance of assets other than sales in the ordinary course of business, (e) funds furnished by the Franchisee, (f) judgments and awards other than for lost business, (g) the amount of all credits, rebates or refund (which shall be deductions from Gross Revenues) to customers, patrons or guests, (h) receipts of licensees, concessionaires, and tenants, ( i ) payments received at the Hotel for hotel accommodations, goods or services to be provided at other hotels, although arranged by, for or on behalf of the Resident/Property Manager; (j) the value of complimentary rooms, food and beverages, (k) interest income, and (l) lease security deposits. 
 
 “Group Services” shall include, but not be limited to : ( i ) marketing, advertising and promotion; (i i) legal support (such as license and permit coordination, filing and completion, standardized contracts, negotiation and preparation, and similar legal services benefiting the Chain ); (i ii ) purchasing arising out of ordinary hotel operations; (i v ) central reservation system; and ( iv ) such other additional services as are or may be, from time to time , furnished by the Franchisor for the benefit of the Franchis ee, which may be more efficiently performed on a group basis. 
 
 "Hotel" shall mean Hotel One, Rawalpindi which shall be fully equipped with furniture, fixtures, and equipment as are required to operate a hotel in accordance with Franchisor’s applicable standards and at the address location specified above with room number information as is attached hereto in Schedule-I . 
 
 "Indemnifying Party" shall mean any Party obligated to indemnify the other Party under Article XXV of this Agreement. 
 
 “Initial Franchise Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Article III of this Agreement. 
 
 “Intellectual Property” shall mean all software and manuals, brochures, and directives issued by the Franchisor for the Hotel regarding procedures and techniques to be used in operating the Hot el, and shall include Franchise Marks and Software, as set forth in Article XXIV. 
 
 "Inventories" shall mean "Inventories" as defined in the internationally recognized system of accounts , and shall include, but not be limited to, provisions in : storerooms, refrigerators, pantries and kitchens, beverages in wine cellars and bars, other merchandise intended for sale, fuel, mechanical supplies, stationery, and other supplies and similar items. 
 
 “ KIBOR ” shall mean the Karachi Inter-Bank Offered Rate. 
 
 "Key Employees" shall mean the Resident/Property Manager and Executive Employees of the Franch isor, as set forth in Article X; awareness of the Chain or the retention of advertising agencies, marketing consultants, and other professionals to assist in the development and implementation of any of the foregoing. 
 
 "Legal Requirements" shall mean all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses , authorizations , directions and requirements of all governments and governmental authorities, which now or hereafter may be applicable to the management and the operation of the Hotel . 
 
 "Marketing Fund" shall mean a separate fund maintained by the Franchisee for undertaking marketing, advertising and /or promotional programs for the Hotel. Amount to be maintained in the Marketing Fund shall vary , depending upon the marketing requirements of the hotel . 
 
 "Marketing Programs" shall mean any marketing, advertising and /or promotional programs developed by the Franchisor for the Hotel, as the case may be, the costs for which shall be paid from the Marketing Fund. Such programs may include, without limitation, any one or more of the following types of activities: ( i ) purchase of advertising space in magazines, newspapers, and similar printed media; (ii) purchase of advertising space/time on radio, television, internet and other electronic media; (iii) printing and publication of pamphlets, brochures, directories and other materials; and (iv) marketing, promotional and/or public relations campaigns designed to increase sales and/or to increase public. 
 
 “Net Operating Income” means the portion of the Annual Operating Income remaining after deduction of taxes and other governmental obligations and liabilities , to operate the Hotel . 
 
 " Notice(s)" shall mean notices, demands, elections or other communications that a Party to this Agreement may desire or be required to be given , in writing by hand, or by registered mail, or by courier to the other Party, as set forth in Article XXIII. 
 
 "Online Travel Agents" shall mean the online travel agents which Hotel One has on its panel and these Online Travel Agents generate the room bookings for Hotel One properties through various online distribution channels. Online Travel Agents charge Hotel One branch registration fee, annual renewal fee, commission fee on each room ’s sale and any other fee as per the Franchisor ’s agreement with the Online Travel Agent . Franchisee is bound to pay the aforesaid fee to Franchisor for Hotel registration in order to increase the room bookings. 
 
 “Opening Team” or “Conversion Task Force” shall mean the Franchisor’s dedicated team of professionals which shall come to the Hotel to provide training and other assistances in converting/opening the Hotel and for providing any further training and assistance from time to time , as the requirement may arise. 
 
 “Other Facilities” Any receipts/income arising from sale s of the Hotel except rooms, bed, mattress, room rental facility, Food &amp; Beverage Revenue . 
 
 “Other Franchisor’s Services” shall include, but not be limited to: ( i ) recovery from the companies listed on the Credit List ; and (ii) such other additional services as are or may be, from time to time, furnished by the Franchisor for the benefit of the Franchisee. 
 
 “ Premises ” shall mean area of the Project that has been specified for the Hotel. 
 
 “Project” shall mean the commercial building structure constructed on the Project Land. 
 
 “Project Land” shall mean the land measuring 2554.62 square yards located at Bungalow No. 35/A, comprising survey No. 165 situated at Police Station Road, Rawalpindi, held under lease from the President of Pakistan through Military Estate Officer Rawalpindi under Schedule IX-C of the CLAR 1937 for commercial purpose for a period of 99 (ninety-n ine) years ending on 03-11-2110 . 
 
 "Property Management System" shall mean the property management system which the Franchisor has developed for the hotels in the Chain. 
 
 "Sale of the Hotel" shall mean sale of the Premises . 
 
 “Sale” shall mean the sale of Hotel rooms , bed, mattress, room rental facility and other business which is carried out by the Franchisee . 
 
 "Software" shall mean all computer software and accompanying documentation, other than the software which is commercially available, which is used by the Franchisor in connection with the Property Management System , any reservation system and all future electronic systems developed by the Franchisor for use in the Hotel, as set forth in Clause 24.2. 
 
 “Total Net Revenue” means the revenue after deduction of applicable sales tax and bed tax. 
 
 "Term" shall mean the contractual duration of this Agreement, as set forth in Article XXVII. 
 
 "Termination" shall mean the expiration or sooner cessation of this Agreement, with respect to the Hotel. 
 
 "Termination Date" shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 27.1. 
 
 “Working Capital” shall mean sufficient funds are available with Franchisee for the day-to-day operation and management of the Hotel. 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 the word “person” includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority; 
 
 a reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors, nominees and assigns; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four (24) hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a Business Day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore, Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next Business Day; and 
 
 a reference to ‘written’ or ‘writing’ means any hand-written, typewritten, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 GRANT OF FRANCHISE 
 
 Conditions Precedent to Grant of the Franchise 
 
 Grant of Hotel One franchise is conditional upon: ( i ) completion of the Hotel to Hotel One ’s/Franchisor’s satisfaction as per the Applicable Standards for commencement of the Hotel to carry out the activities which are necessary to operate the Hotel as a member of the Chain as recommended by the Franchisor and pay the due amount to the Franchisor or as other wise required by this Agreement and (ii) upon completion of Conversion Task Force’s/Opening Team’s responsibilities and obligations . Conversion Task Force/Opening Team shall provide all-inclusive and relevant support and assistance to the Franchisee for opening the Hotel , including but not limited to, providing assistance in initial layouts of the Premises, regular supervision of the Premises i n the finishing and furnishing stages until the Hotel becomes operational. Franchisor’s Opening Team/Conversion Task Force shall perform its functions to assist Franchisee’s new team(s) to operate the Hotel through the test run stage until the Hotel becomes fully operational for business . For the avoidance of doubt, Conversion Task Force/Opening Team shall stay at the Hotel till the C ommencement Date and shall be responsible for providing training and other assistances to Hotel’s employees in converting/opening the Hotel and for providing further training and assistance from time to time, as the requirement may arise . 
 
 2.2 Grant of Franchise 
 
 Upon the Commencement Date, the Franchisee shall have fulfilled the conditions stated in Clause 2.1 and upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement ; and Franchisee hereby undertakes the obligation to operate the Hotel pursuant to the Franchisor’s system and as a member of the Chain, in accordance with this Agreement . Franchisor for its core business is at liberty to negotiate or enter into any agreement with any party in any district of Pakistan except in the radius of 5 (five) kilometres from the Premises (“ Exclusive Territory ”). Moreover, i n the radius of 5 (five) kilometres from the Exclusive Territory, the Franchisor shall give the right of first refusal of any business opportunity relating to Franchisor’s core business to the Franchisee by giving prior notice in writing and Franchisee shall have the right of refusal or acceptance to such business opportunity within two (2) months of receiving such written notice and Franchisee shall show its conc rete interest in the business opportunity specified by the Franchisor as per the Franchisor ’s satisfaction . I f the Franchisee fails to reply within the provided time period or do not show its concrete interest as per Franchisor ’s satisfaction then the Franchisor shall be at liberty to enter into agreement w ith any other business partner outside the Exclusive Territory and Franchisee shall have no legal right of objection thereafter . 
 
 2.3 Limitations on Franchise 
 
 The Hotel franchise relates solely to the Premises for operating the Hotel and the Franchisee shall not without written consent of the Franchisor alter, increase or decrease the Hotel facilities which are mentioned in Schedule- I . The Franchise e shall not without written consent of the Franchisor market/utilize Franchisor ’s brand/trademarks/logos or Franchisor’s group affiliated companies ’ brand/trademarks/logos for the promotion of the Premises or any other Franchisee business anywhere in the country except with the written consent of the Franchisor . If there is any violation of this limitation, the Franchisor shall have all the legal right to terminate this Agreement and take legal action for damages to its reputation. 
 
 2.4 Name of the Hotel 
 
 During the Term of this Agreement , the Hotel shall be known as “ Hotel One, Rawalpindi ”. 
 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 CONSIDERATION, FEES AND PAYMENTS 
 
 Consideration 
 In consideration of the grant of the Hotel franchise by the Franchisor and use of the Franchise Marks, the Franchisee agrees to the following: 
 
 To pay the Franchisor one-time, non-refundable , F ranchise M arks and T echnical F ee of PKR 5 ,000,000 ( Rupees Five Million ) as per Section 3.2 below . 
 
 To pay the Franchisor Fixed S ale , Marketing and F ranchise F ees which shall be 8% (eight percent) of the total revenue generated as Gross Revenue, to be paid on monthly basis , from the date the Hotel start s its operations . 
 
 All payment s shall be subject to deduction of applicable taxes , provided , there is no tax exemption certificate provided by any Party . 
 
 3.2 Initial Franchise Fee 
 
 The Franchisee has paid t he Franchisor the full amount of Rs . 5 ,000,000/- ( Five Million only) as Franchise Marks and Technical Fee vide pay order bearing no . 00726459, dated 21 February 2020 drawn on JS Bank Limited, Gulberg branch Lahore, in favour of Hotel One (Private) Limited (“ Pay Order ”) , on signing of this Agreement , receipt of which is acknowledged by the Franchisor . The c opy of the Pay Order and the Franchisor’s acknowledgment of receipt of the Pay Order is attached herewith as Annexure A . 
 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 HOTEL 
 
 The Franchisee shall be responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for keeping and maintaining the Hotel fully equipped in accordance with plans, specifications, construction and fire safety standards, and designs pursuant to the Legal Requirements, the Applicable Standards and other requirements as decided and laid down by the Franchisor for its hotels in Pakistan. 
 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 APPOINTMENT OF FRANC H ISEE 
 
 5.1 Appointment 
 
 The Franchisor hereby appoints and the Franchisee hereby accepts the appointment as Hotel ’s sole, exclusive and continuing operator and manager to supervise and direct, for and at the Franchisee’s expense, the management and operation of the Hotel under the terms and conditions set forth herein. Franchisee hereby accepts the said appointment and agrees to manage the Hotel during the Term according to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 5.2 Delegation of Authority 
 
 The operation of the Hotel shall be under the exclusive supervision and control of the Franchisee who, except as otherwise and specifically provided in this Agreement, shall be responsible for the proper and efficient management and operation of the Hotel in accordance with this Agreement and Applicable Standards . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Franchisee shall have discretion and control in all matters relating to the management and operation of the Hotel, including without limitation, charges and rates for rooms and commercial space, the determination of, credit policies for Hotel ’s Sale (including entering into agreements with credit card organizations) food and beverage service and policies, employment policies, procurement of inventories, supplies and services, promotion, advertising, publicity and marketing, and, generally, all activities necessary for the operation of the Hotel. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 PARTIES’ REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 6.1 Franchisee’s Representations 
 
 The Franchisee hereby represents and warrants to the Franchisor as follows: 
 
 6.1.1 The execution of this Agreement is permitted by the partnership deed of the Franchisee and this Agreement has been duly authorized , executed and delivered on behalf of Franchisee and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Franchisee enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof ; 
 
 6.1.2 There is no claim, litigation, proceeding or governmental investigation pending, or to the best knowledge and belief of the Franchisee, threatened against or relating to the Franchisee, the properties or businesses or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which does, or may reasonably be expected to, materially or adversely affect the, ability of the Franchisee to enter into this Agreement or to carry out its obligations hereunder and to the best of the knowledge and belief of the Franchisee, there is no basis for any such claim, litigation, proceeding or governmental investigation except as has been fully disclosed in writing by the Franchisee to the Franchisor; 
 
 6.1.3 Neither the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the part of the Franchisee to be performed, nor the fulfilment of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement conflict with or will result in the breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of or constitute a default under, any agreement, indenture, instrument or undertaking to which the Franchisee is a party or by which it is bound; 
 
 6.1.4 No approval of any third party (including any landlord or the holder of any charge or mortgage or encumbrance on the Premises in effect as of the Commencement Date of this Agreement) is required for the Franchisee's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement that has not been obtained prior to the execution hereof ; and 
 
 6.1.5. The Franchisee holds all required governmental approvals required to be held by it to operate and establish the Hotel. 
 
 6.2. Franchisor’s Representations 
 
 The Franchisor hereby represents and warrants to the Franchisee as follows: 
 
 6.2.1 The execution of this Agreement is permitted by the memorandum and articles of association of the Franchisor and this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Franchisor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Franchisor enforceable in accordance with the terms hereof; 
 
 6.2.2 There is no claim , litigation, proceeding or governmental investigation pending, or, to the best knowledge and belief of the Franchisor, threatened, against or relating to the Franchisor, the properties or business of the Franchisor or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement which does, or may reasonably be expected to materially or adversely affect the ability of the Franchisor to enter into this Agreement or to carry out its obligations hereunder, and, to the best knowledge and belief of the Franchisor, there is no basis for any such claim, litigation, proceeding or governmental investigation, except as has been fully disclosed in writing by the Franchisor to the Franchisee; 
 
 6.2.3 Neither the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the part of the Franchisor to be performed, nor the fulfilment of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement, conflicts with or will result in the breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, any agreement, indenture, instrument or undertaking to which the Franchisor is a party or by which it is bound; and 
 
 6.2.4 No approval of any third party is required for the Franchisor's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement that has not been obtained prior to the execution and delivery hereof . 
 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 OPERATION 
 
 7.1 During the Term, the Hotel shall be known and operated by the Franchisee as, Hotel One, Rawalpindi with such additional identification as may be necessary to provide local identification; provided that the Franchisee has obtained the right to and is successful in continuously maintaining the right to so operate the Hotel, which the Franchisee agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to do so. The Franchisee agrees to manage the Hotel, on and so far as is legally possible, in accordance with the Applicable Standards subject to Force Majeure. 
 
 7.2 T he Franchisee shall use the Hotel solely for the operation of the Hotel in accordance with the Applicable Standards and the Brand Manuals for all activities in connection therewith which are customary and usual to such an operation. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Franchisee shall comply with and abide by all Legal Requirements. T he Franchisee shall maintain sufficient funds to operate and maintain the Hotel in good and working condition as per the Applicable Standards. 
 
 
 7.3 Marketing Fund 
 
 The Franchisee shall maintain sufficient funds from the Gross Revenue in the Marketing Fund , as reasonably determined by the Franchisee in consistent with the cost budgeted thereof in the Annual Operating Budget and otherwise consistent with the intent of the Parties so that the level of such funds shall be adequate for the proper and efficient operation of the Hotel as per the Applicable Standards. Marketing Fund shall be utilized for undertaking marketing, advertising and /or promotional programs developed by the Franchisee and/or the Franchisor for the Hotel , in accordance with the Hotel’s requirements. For the avoidance of doubt, Marketing Fund is and shall remain the exclusive property of the Franchisee. 
 
 
 7.4 Right to inspect 
 
 The Franchisor and its respective agents shall have access to the Hotel at any and all reasonable times for Hotel business purpose s only . The Franchisee and its respective agents will be available to consult with and advise Franchisor’s agents, at their reasonable request, concerning all policies and procedures affecting all phases of the conduct of business at the Hotel. 
 
 7.5 Competing Business 
 
 The Franchisee shall ensure that no part of the Hotel is used to further or promote a business which is in direct competition to the Franchisor ’s core business. 
 
 7. 6 Food &amp; Beverage 
 
 The Franchisee shall carry on the Food &amp; Beverage Operation as per the standards provided by the Franchisor in its Brand Manual , while maintaining sufficient supply of food and beverage at all times at the Hotel . 
 
 7.7 Standard Operating Procedures 
 
 The Franchisor shall provide Brand Manuals to the Franchis ee which have been developed by the Franchisor for operation and management of the Franchisor ’s hotels in the Chain. 
 
 7.8 Quality Assurance Program 
 
 The Franchisor administer s a quality assurance program for the hotel in the Chain which shall include conducting periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction audits and surveys to ensure compliance with the Brand Manuals provided to the Franchisee. 
 
 7.9 Reservation Referrals 
 
 In the event the Franchisee receives a request for hotel reservation in city or area where the Franchisor ’s Chain hotel is located, the Franchisee shall promptly refer any such request to the Franchisor. Similarly, in the event the Franchisor receives a request in the central reservation system for hotel reservation in Rawalpindi, the Franchisor shall promptly refer any such request to the Franchisee. For consolidating reservation referrals in the Hotel reservation system , t he Franchisor may provide to the Franchisee, a weekly report of the reservation referrals made to the Franchisee. 
 
 7.10 Franchisor Business 
 
 The Franchisee shall not refuse the business that is forwarded by the Franchisor for the Hotel without assigning a valid reason. 
 
 
 
 
 7.1 1 Accepting Business 
 
 The Franchisee shall give Business Acceptance to all the business that is forwarded by the Franchisor for the Hotel unless or until a valid reason is assigned for rejecting such business, which reason shall be communicated to the Franchisor in advance either in writing or verbally by the Franchisee’s competent authority to the Franchisor ’s competent authority. 
 
 7.1 2 Group Services 
 
 The Franchisor may, subject to the Franchisee’s prior written consent, cause to be furnished to the Hotel , Group Services , which are furnished generally on a central or regional basis to other hotels managed by the Franchisor. The Franchisor shall ensure that the costs and expenses incurred in providing Group Services to the Hotel shall have been allocated to the Hotel on a pro-rata basis consistent with the method of allocation to all of Franchisor's (and any Franchisor Affiliate Entities') hotels or other properties receiving the same services, shall be incurred at a cost consistent with the Annual Operating Budget and shall constitute Deductions. All Group Services provided by the Franchisor shall be at the actual costs of Group Services for the benefit of all of Franchisor's hotels receiving the same services, and shall be of quality comparable to which the Franchisor could obtain from other providers for similar services . 
 
 7.13 The Franchisee shall keep the Hotel open for business and in operation (subject to Force Majeure, provide d that the Franchisor shall be notified in writing within three (3) days after any closing of the Hotel for 30 (thirty) continuous days as a result of Force Majeure , except as otherwise permitted by the Franchisor or under any other special circumstances) . 
 
 7. 14 Unless otherwise specified, the Franchisee shall not release to the media, any news stories and /or other information about the Hotel which is intended for publication . 
 
 7. 15 The Franchisee shall comply with the Franchisor ’s requirements, as may be revised from time to time and communicated to the Franchisee in writing at least 6 0 ( sixty ) days prior to any such revision becoming effective , regarding : ( i ) the types of services and products which must be used, offered or promoted at the Hotel; (ii) the types of services and products which may be used, offered or promoted at the Hotel; and (iii) the types of services and products which must not be used, offered or promoted at the Hotel . 
 
 7. 16 The Franchisee shall convert any signs containing Franchise Marks, at the Franchisee ’s own expense, to such new or revised signage as may , from time to time, be specified by the Franchisor and as permitted by applicable local law (s) . 
 
 7. 17 The Franchisee shall remove all the previous signage and promotional material that are placed at the Hotel before the Commencement Date which shall be replaced with the Franchise Marks and promotional material of the Franchisor . 
 
 7. 18 The estimated completion date for completion of all the pending works of the Hotel by the Franchisee shall be November 202 2 . 
 
 7. 19 The Franchisor ’s Employees , on a space available basis, shall be allowed to stay at the Hotel as per the existing house use policy of the Franchisor and the house use policy of the Franchisee . 
 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 WORKING CAPITAL AND INVENTORIES 
 
 The Franchisee shall keep sufficient funds in the Hotel ’s bank account as Working Capital from the Gross Revenue , in accordance with the Annual Operating Budget, agreed upon between the Parties, including the establishment and maintenance of positive Working Capital and Inventories as reasonably determined by the Franchisor subject to this Agreement. All Working Capital and Inventories are and shall remain the property of the Franchisee. The Franchisee acknowledges that the Franchisor ’s expenses incurred in connection with the operation of the Hotel including, without limitation, all Deductions, provided that they have been incurred with the prior written consent of the Franchisee, shall be payable by the Franchisor from the Gross Revenue . 
 
 The Franchisee shall maintain sufficient funds necessary to supply the Hotel initially with Fixed Asset Supplies, as reasonably determined by the Franchisor in consistent with the cost budgeted thereof in the Annual Operating Budget and otherwise consistent with the intent of the Parties such that the level of such supplies will be adequate for the proper and efficient operation of the Hotel as per the Applicable Standards. 
 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 MAINTENANCE, REPLACEMENT AND CHANGES 
 
 9.1 Routine and Non-Routine Repairs and Maintenance 
 
 The Franchisee at its own expense shall maintain the Hotel in good condition as is required by the Applicable Standards and as per the government laws and regulations . The Franchisee shall make such routine maintenance, repairs and minor alterations to the Hotel as the Franchisee, from time to time , deems reasonably necessary for such purposes. In addition, the Franchisee shall make or cause to be made , from time to time, such non-routine repairs and maintenance, either to the Hotel building or the FF&amp;E ; modifications to the building decor, changes in FF&amp;E and other alterations to comply with the Franchisor ’s the then prevalent system and standards . The Franchisor may also bring in to the Franchisee ’s notice , in writing, any maintenance or repair works of the Hotel that is necessary for the operation of the Hotel which the Franchisee shall be bound to carry on such works. The Franchisee shall not make any material alterations to the Hotel without first obtaining the prior written consen t of the Franchisor which shall not be refused by the Franchisor without any reasonable cause. 
 
 9.2 At least thirty (30) days before the beginning of each Fiscal Year, the Franchisee shall prepare a report (“ FF&amp;E Report ”) of the proposed replacements and renewals to the Hotel’s FF&amp;E and repairs to the Hotel’s building as are necessary to comply with Applicable Standards ; and shall submit such FF&amp;E Report to the Franchisor for its review and approval. The Franchisor shall have (30) thirty days to give approval to such FF&amp; E report from the date the Franchisor has received the FF&amp;E report after which the FF&amp;E Report shall be considered approved. 
 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 EMPLOYEES 
 
 The Franchisee shall share the existing Hotel employee’s organization chart with the Franchisor and shall adhere to the Franchisor ’s recommendation in this regard . The Franchisee shall hire, train, promote, supervise, and direct the work of all personnel working at the Hotel. The Franchisee shall hire qualified employees sufficient to staff all positions at the Hotel and the Franchisor may also be consulted in this regard . All existing employees , if required , shall be given required trainings by the Franchisee and all expenses related thereto shall be paid by the Franchisee and direction of such personnel during the course of their employment and in the operation of the Hotel shall be the responsibility of the Franchisee , provided that all departmental heads of the Hotel shall be hired in consultation with the Franchisor. Furthermore , the Franchis or shall recommend the Resident Manager/Property Manager and Account/Finance Manager of the Hotel in consultation with t h e Franchisee , who shall be simultaneously reporting to the Franchisor and the Franchisee . 
 
 The Franchisee shall fix the employees' terms of compensation and establish and maintain all policies relating to the employment, as long as the terms of employment are reasonable and in accordance with the Applicable Standards, the Annual Operating Budget and the Laws of Pakistan. 
 
 It is expressly understood and agreed that all such personnel em ployed at the Hotel, including Resident/Property Manager for the Hotel, will be the employees of the Franchisee for all purposes. The Franchisee shall use such care when hiring any employees as may be common to the hospitality business and consistent with the Applicable Standards. 
 
 The Franchisee, in its sole discretion and on a space availability basis may provide lodging for Franchisor's Executive Employees and corporate staff visiting the Hotel in connection with the performance assessment of the Franchisee's services . However , the Franchisor shall submit such visiting requests , in writing , in advance , communicated by the Franchisor’s competent authority to the Franchisee ’s competent authority. 
 
 The Franchisee shall make sure that the employees at the Hotel shall devote their full time to the management and operation of the Hotel. The Franchisee shall cause all employees of the Hotel to wear such uniforms as are specified by the Franchisor in the Applicable Standards to present a neat and clean appearance; and to render competent and courteous services to the guests of the Hotel. 
 
 During the Term and for a period of two (2) years thereafter, the Franchisee agrees that it (and its affiliates) shall not, without the prior written consent of the Franchisor, either directly or indirectly, alone or in conjunction with any other person or entity : ( i ) solicit or attempt to solicit any employees of the Chain or any other hotels owned/managed by the Franchisor or any of the Franchisor's Executive Employees to terminate, alter or lessen Key Employees' employment or affiliation with the Franchisor or to violate the terms of any agreement or understanding between any such Key Employee and the Franchisor, as the case may be, or (ii) employ, retain, or contract with any Key Employee. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 BUDGET, STANDARDS AND CONTRACTS 
 
 11.1 Annual Operating Budget 
 
 Not less than forty-five (45) days prior to the beginning of each Fiscal Year, the Franchisee shall submit to the Franchisor, an Annual Operating Budget setting forth in detail an estimated profit and loss statement for the next twelve (12) months, or for the balance of the Fiscal Year in the event of a partial first Fiscal Year, including a schedule of Hotel’s room rentals and other rentals . For the first year or part thereof, the Annual Operating Budget shall be submitted under this clause , forty-five ( 45 ) days prior to the opening of the Hotel. 
 
 11.2 Budget Approval 
 
 The Annual Operating Budget shall be submitted to the Franchisor by the Franchisee. If the Franchisor has any objection to the proposed Annual Operating Budget, the Franchisor may deliver an AOB Objection Notice with reasonable detail to the Franchisee within 30 (thirty) d ays from the receipt of the Annual Operating Budget stating that the Franchisor objects to any information contained in or omitted from such proposed Annual Operating Budget and setting forth the nature of such objections with reasonable specificity. Failure of the Franchisor to deliver express written approval of the Annual Operating Budget and an AOB Objection Notice shall be deemed as acceptance of the Franchisee Annual Operating Budget in its entirety and no claim on the basis thereof can be raised by the Franchisor later on. Upon receipt of any AOB Objection Notice, the Franchisee shall, after consultation with the Franchisor, may modify the proposed Annual Operating Budget, taking into account the Franchisor ’s objections and proposals . The Franchisee shall not reject any AOB Objection Notice by the Franchisor without any reasonable cause. 
 
 11.3 Budget Meetings 
 
 At each quarterly budget meeting and at any additional meetings during a Fiscal Year reasonably called by the Franchisee or the Franchisor, the Franchisee shall consult with the Franchisor. The proposals or recommendations of the Franchisor at the budget meeting shall not be rejected or ignored by the Franchisee without any reasonable cause. 
 
 11.4 Business Review Meetings 
 
 The Franchisee or its appointed Hotel manager shall participate in quarterly and annually business review meetings of Franchisor Chain or as when required with the mutual consent. 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 OPERATING DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 12.1 Accounting and Interim Payment 
 
 The Franchisee shall submit to the Franchisor a monthly interim accounting to the Franchisee showing : Gross Revenues, Deductions, Gross Operating Profit and Net Operating Income before debt service. 
 
 Calculations and payments of the Fixed Sales, Marketing, and Franchisee Fee for the Hotel made with respect to each Accounting Period shall be made on an interim accounting basis and shall be accounted for cumulatively at the end of each month. 
 
 The Fixed Sales, Marketing, and Franchisee Fee for the Hotel shall be calculated and earned on the basis of each month. If the Franchisor raises no objection for any reason (excluding fraud) within three (3) months from the receipt of accounting statements as provided herein, such accounting shall be deemed to have been accepted by Franchisor as true and correct, and Franchisor shall have no further ground to raise a claim as to its accuracy. Franchisee will provide Franchisor the profit and loss statements for the current period and year-to-date including actual, budget and last year comparisons. 
 
 12.2 Credit List 
 
 All the companies which are engaged in credit business with the Franchisor shall instantly be enlisted with the Franchisee for the purpose of operating t he Hotel only and credit recovery from and payments to such companies shall be the sole responsibility of the Franchisee however , the Franchisor ’ s sales and credit recovery department shall provide due support in recovery from those companies whose business is sent to the Franchisee by the Franchisor and, in certain cases, the Franchisee may allow business rebates to the companies listed in the Credit List . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 INSURANCE 
 
 13.1 Insurance 
 
 The Franchisee from the Effective Date shall be liable, at all times , during the period of : development, construction, renovation, furnishing , equipping and/or pre-opening activities of the Hotel, for the procurement and maintenance of insurance in such amount and scope as adequate for : the hotel lodging industry for hotels of similar type and operating in similar markets and geographical locations as the Hotel, public liability and indemnity , and property with minimum of liability or as determined by the Franchisee at its sole discretion , and in accordance with the Annual Operating Budget to protect the Franchisee against loss or damage arising in connection with : development, construction, renovation, furnish ing, equipping and /or pre-opening activities of the Hotel . 
 
 
 13.4 Costs and Expenses 
 
 The cost of procuring and maintaining insurance and costs related thereto shall be the responsibility of the Franchisee. Insurance premiums and any costs or expenses with respect to the insurance, including without limitation, agent's and consultant's costs used to place insurance or adjust claims, shall be Franchisee ’s responsibility. 
 
 13.5 Policies and Endorsements 
 
 (a) Where permitted, all insurance provided for under this Article shall name the Franchisee as insured. The Franchisee after procuring such insurance shall deliver to the Franchisor certificates of insurance with respect to all policies so procured, including existing, additional and renewal policies and, in the event of insurance about to expire, shall deliver certificates of insurance with respect to the renewal policies not less than ten (10) days prior to the respective dates of expiration. 
 
 (b) All policies of insurance provided for under this Article shall, to the extent obtainable, be with insurance companies licensed or authorized to do business in Pakistan, with a minimum rating of A. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 TAXES AND DEBT SERVICE 
 
 14.1 Real Estate Taxes : All real estate and ad valorem property taxes, assessments and similar charges on or relating to the Hotel from the Commencement Date during the Term shall be paid by the Franchisee. 
 
 14.2 All income, direct, indirect taxes and local taxes on or relating to the business of the Hotel shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Franchisee. 
 
 14.3 Debt Service ; Ground Lease Payments : Any mortgage , charge or encumbrance on the Hotel, shall be liquidated by the Franchisee. The Franchisor shall not create any charge, mortgage or encumbrance on the assets of the Hotel or the Premises . However, in case the Franchisee deems it necessary, loans may be taken for the purposes of the Hotel or expenses incurred therefrom, in case of which, the Hotel Premises shall be held as collateral against any loan so taken. 
 
 14.4 Sale of the Hotel : For a period of three (3) years from the Commencement Date, the Franchisee shall not sell the Premises. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XV 
 BANK ACCOUNTS 
 
 15.1 Hotel Bank Account (s) : All the bank accounts for operating the Hotel shall be opened , operated and maintained by the Franchisee only . 
 
 ARTICLE XVI 
 ACCOUNTING SYSTEM 
 
 16.1 Books and Records: The Franchisee shall maintain an adequate and separate accounting system in connection with the management and operation of the Hotel. The books and records shall be kept in accordance with internationally prevalent and accepted system of accounts and shall be maintained at all times either at the Hotel, or at the principal office of the Franchisee, or in storage, for at least three (3) years after the end of the Fiscal Year to which the books and records relate to . The Franchisor or its authorized employees or duly authorized agents, shall have the right and privilege of examining an d inspecting the books and records at any reasonable time for Hotel purposes only . Upon Termination of this Agreement, all such books and records shall be available to the Franchisor at the Hotel at all reasonable times for inspection, audit, examination and copying for a period of three (3) years there after. 
 
 16.2 Daily Reports : The Franchisee shall provide the Franchisor required daily reports and other reports which are in practice in Chain hotels and the Franchisor s hall provide the Franchisee relevant support and reports ’ format. 
 
 16. 3 Monthly Financial Statements : Within thirty (30) days following each Accounting Period, the Franchisee shall furnish the Franchisor , with respect to the Hotel , an accrual basis balance sheet on the Franchisor's standard format in reasonable detail, together with a reasonably detailed accrual basis profit and loss statement for the preceding calendar month and with a cumulative calendar year accrual basis profit and loss statement to date, including a comparison to the Annual Operating Budget and the estimate or budget for capital improvements and a statement of cash flows for each monthly and cumulative period for which a profit and loss statement is prepared. 
 
 16. 4 Annual Financial Statements : Within ninety (90) working days after the end of each Fiscal Year, the Franchisee shall furnish to the Franchisor year-end financial statements for the Hotel (including a balance sheet, income statement and statement of sources and uses of funds) which statements shall be unaudited. The Franchisee will engage an independent chartered accountant firm to prepare and provide audited annual financial statements in accordance with IAS/IFRS applicable in Pakistan . The Franchisor shall cooperate in all respects with such accountant in the preparation of such statements including the delivery of any financial information generated by the Franchisor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required by the Franchisee's accountant to prepare such audited financial statements. 
 
 ARTICLE XVII 
 PAYMENT BY FRANCHISEE 
 AND DISTRIBUTIONS TO FRANCHISEE 
 
 17.1 Payment of Fixed Sales, Marketing, and Franchisee Fee: On the fifteenth (15 th ) day of each month during the Term of this Agreement, the Franchisor shall be paid by the Franchisee Fixed Sales, Marketing, and Franchisee Fee as per Clause 3.1 (b) . Amount of such payment shall be determined from the books and records referred to in Article XII &amp; Article XVI. 
 ARTICLE XVIII 
 RELATIONSHIP AND AUTHORITY 
 
 18.1 The Franchisee and the Franchisor shall not be construed as agent s , partners, joint venture’s or as members of a joint enterprise and neither Party shall have the power to bind or obligate the other Party except as set forth in this Agreement. Nevertheless, the Franchisor is granted such authority and power as may be reasonably necessary for it to carry out the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement, either alone or in conjunction with any other documents, shall not be deemed to constitute a lease of any portion of the Hotel. Nothing contained herein shall prohibit or restrict the Franchisor or any affiliates of the Franchisor from operating, owning, managing, leasing or constructing any hotel of any nature or description which may in any manner compete with that of the Hotel except as otherwise specified in Clause 2.2 . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement all debts and liabilities to third persons incurred by the Franchisor in the course of the Hotel in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be the debts and liabilities of the Franchisee only , provided that these debts and liabilities have been incurred with the Franchisee’s prior written consent, unless such a debt or liability falls under the ambit of the Franchisor’s negligence, and acts of omission and commission . The Franchisor may so inform third parties with whom it deals on behalf of the Franchisee and may take any other reasonable steps to carry out the intent of this paragraph. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XIX 
 DAMAGE, ACQUISITION AND FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 19.1 Damage and Repair: If, during the Term hereof, the Hotel is damaged or destroyed by fire, casualty, or other cause to an extent that it cannot be used as a hotel, the Franchisee may terminate this Agreement with respect to the Hotel upon serving sixty (60) days' Notice from the date of such damage or destruction to the Franchisor , in which case this Agreement shall then stand terminate d with respect to the Hotel and neither Party shall have any further rights, obligations, liabilities n or remedies to the other Party hereunder with respect to the Hotel, except as otherwise provided in Article XXVII. 
 
 19.2 Acquisition: In the event that all or a substantial portion of the Hotel is taken in any eminent domain, condemnation, compulsory acquisition, or by similar means by any competent authority for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, this Agreement shall stand terminate d . However, in the event of such Termination, the Franchisee shall give the Franchisor at least one (01) month ’s prior Notice of such Termination. In the event of such Termination, neither Party shall have any further rights remedies, obligations nor liabilities to the other Party hereunder with respect to the Hotel except as otherwise provided in Article X XVII. 
 
 19.3 Force Majeure: If an event of Force Majeure directly involves the Hotel and has a significant adverse effect upon the continued operations of the Hotel, then the Parties shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement with respect to the Hotel by written Notice within sixty (60) days from the date of notice of such Force Majeure event, and this Agreement shall then terminate sixty (60) days from such notice, in which event neither Franchisee nor Franchisor shall have any further rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities, one to the other, hereunder, with respect to the applicable Premises except as otherwise provided in Article XXVII. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XX 
 DEFAULT, TERMINATION AND EXTENSION 
 
 20.1 Events of Default: The following shall constitute Events of Default for the purposes of Termination of this Agreement: 
 
 (a) The filing of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or insolvency or a petition for reorganization under any bankruptcy law by the Franchisee or the Franchisor; 
 
 (b) The consent to any involuntary petition in bankruptcy or the failure to vacate, within ninety (90) days from the date of entry thereof, any order allowing such involuntary petition by the Franchisee or the Franchisor; 
 
 (c) The passing of an order, judgment or decree by any court of competent jurisdiction, on the application of a creditor, adjudicating the Franchisee or the Franchisor as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving a petition seeking reorganization or appointing a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of all or a substantial part of such Party's assets, and such order, judgment or decree continues to hold the field for any period of ninety (90) days or more; 
 
 (d) The appointment of a receiver for all or any substantial portion of the property of the Franchisee or the Franchisor; 
 
 (e) The failure of the Franchisee or the Franchisor to make any payment required to be made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement within sixty ( 6 0 ) working days after receipt of written Notice from the other Party , specifying said default with reasonable specificity, when such payment was due and payable; or 
 
 (f) The failure of the Franchisee or the Franchisor to perform, keep or fulfil any of the other covenants, undertakings, obligations or conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the continuance of such default for a period of forty-five ( 45 ) working days after receipt of written notice of said failure from the other Party ; provided, however, if such default cannot be cured within a thirty (30) day period and the Franchisee or the Franchisor, as the case may be, commences to cure such default within such thirty (30) day period and thereafter diligently and expeditiously proceeds to cure the same, such thirty (30) day period shall be extended so long as it shall require the Franchisee or the Franchisor, as the case may be, in the exercise of due diligence to cure such default, it being agreed that no such extension (including the original 30 day cure period) shall be for a period in excess of one hundred and twenty (120) days. 
 
 20.2 Consequence of Default: Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the non-defaulting Party may give the defaulting Party , Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement (after the expiration of any applicable grace or cure period), and upon the expiration of thirty (30) days from the date of such Notice, this Agreement shall stand terminate d , whereupon the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to pursue all of its rights and remedies, at law or in equity, under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any indemnity obligations which shall survive Termination of this Agreement) and any other rights and remedies available under Legal Requirements. 
 
 20.3 Termination : Three (3) years after the Hotel starts its operation , t his A greement can be terminated by either party by giving six (6) months prior notice in writing to the other Party without assigning any reason. 
 
 20.4 Extension or Renewal : If either Party so desires, this Agreement shall be extended or renewed on such terms and for such period as mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXI 
 WAIVER AND INVALIDITY 
 
 21.1 Waiver : The failure of either Party to insist upon a strict performance of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement or to exercise any option, right or remedy herein contained, shall not be construed as a waiver or as a relinquishment for the future of such term, provision, option, right or remedy, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect. No waiver by either Party of any term or provision hereof shall be deemed to have been made unless expressed in writing and signed by such Party. 
 
 21.2 Partial Invalidity : In the event that any portion of this Agreement shall be declared invalid by order, decree or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement shall be construed as if such portion had not been inserted herein except when such construction would operate as an undue hardship on the Franchisor or the Franchisee or constitute a substantial deviation from the general intent and purpose of said Parties as reflected in this Agreement, in which event it shall be terminated. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXII 
 ASSIGNMENT 
 
 22.1 Neither Party shall assign or transfer (by operation of law or otherwise) or permit the assignment or transfer of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party (which may be withheld in its sole discretion) and any such prohibited assignment or transfer shall be null and void; provided, however, that the Franchisor shall have the right, without such consent, to assign its interest in this Agreement to any Franchisor Affiliate Entity. Any such permitted assignee shall be deemed to be the franchisor for purposes of this Agreement provided such assignee assumes all of Franchisor's future obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXIII 
 NOTICES 
 
 23.1 All Notices, demands, elections, or other communications that any Party to this Agreement may desire or be required to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand, by sending the same in the registered mail, email, or by a recognized courier service, to the addresses set forth below, or at such address as may be designated by the addressee upon written notice to the other Party : 
 
 To the Franchisor: 
 M/S Hotel One (Private) Limited 
 1 st Floor, NESPAK HOUSE, G-5/2, Islamabad 
 Email: [ ] 
 
 To the Franchisee: 
 Mall 35 
 94-B/1, Pearl One, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore 
 Email: legal@zameen.com 
 
 Or to such other address as either Party shall specify by written notice to the other Party. If either Party fails to notify the other Party of change of address then notice shall be deemed to have been delivered to the address stated above. Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered: 
 
 23.2 All Notices given pursuant to this Article shall be deemed to have been given ( i ) if delivered by hand on the date of delivery or on the date that delivery was refused by the addressee, (ii) if delivered by registered mail or by courier, on the date of delivery as established by the return receipt or courier service confirmation (or the date on which the return receipt or courier service confirms that acceptance of delivery was refused by the addressee) , or (iii) if sent by email, twenty-four (24) hours after sending the email . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXIV 
 FRANCHISE MARKS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 24.1 Franchise Marks : The Franchisee shall use the Franchise Marks only for the operation of the Hotel franchised hereunder at the Premises ’ specified places . The Franchisee shall not use any Franchise Marks in connection with any other business activity or in any other government application without the written consent of the Franchisor. The Franchisee shall not use the Franchise Marks to incur any obligation or indebtness on behalf of the Franchisor. If litigation involving the Franchise Marks is instituted or threatened against the Franchisor, the Franchisee shall promptly notify the Franchisor in writing. The Franchise e shall not directly or indirectly contest the validity of the ownership of the Franchise Marks. The Franchise Marks are the exclusive property of the Franchisor and the Franchisee shall not have any right, claim or interest on the Franchise Marks. Upon Termination of this Agreement, the Franchisee shall immediately stop use of the Franchised Mark in relation to in respect of operation or business of the Hotel or for any other purpose whatsoever. The Franchisor shall have the sole discretion of changing its Franchise Marks without consulting the Franchisee and any such change shall automatically bind the Franchisee for implement ation, provided however, that the Franchisee shall be given prior written notice of such change . The Franchisee shall not, during the Term or thereafter, without Franchisor written consent make available any information of the Agreement to any third party. 
 
 24.2 Computer Software and Equipment: The Franchisee at its own expense shall install and maintai n at the Hotel all the equipment, Software and licenses necessary (as may be specified by the Franchisor in writing ) for the Hotel ’s Property Management System and implementing the procedures recommended by the Franchisor for operating the Hotel . At Franchisee ’s request , the Franchisor shall provide the Franchisee with equipment specifications and all required software for such Property Management System. The Franchisee shall also install at its cost any future enhancements, additions, substitutions or other modifications to such equipment and Software which are either current requirement or specified by the Franchisor and applicable to the hotels ’ Chain . The Franchisee shall also be responsible for all the costs for connecting the Hotel ’s reservation system to the Franchisor ’s central reservation system. All Software is and shall remain the exclusive property of the Franchisor or any one of its Franchisor Affiliate Entities (or the licensor of such Software, as the case may be), and the Franchisee shall have no right to use, or to copy, any Software. Upon Termination, the Franchisor shall have the right to remove from the Hotel, without compensation to the Franchisee, all Software, and any computer equipment which is utilized as part of the centralized Property Management System or is otherwise considered proprietary by the Fra nchisor, except any software , equipment, and/or licenses which are owned by the Franchisee . 
 
 24.3 Intellectual Property All Intellectual Property and Franchise Marks, shall at all times be proprietary to the Franchisor or the Franchisor Affiliate Entity(s) and shall be the exclusive property of the Franchisor or the Franchisor Affiliate Entity(s). Upon Termination, all Intellectual Property and Franchise Marks shall be removed from the Hotel by the Franchisor, without compensation to the Franchisee. 
 
 24.4 Books and records: A ll books and records maintained with respect to the Hotel, including guest records and employee records, shall be the sole property of the Franchisee but may be used by the Franchisor during the Term as provided in Clause 16.1 . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXV 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 25.1 Indemnification by the Franchisor: The Franchisor shall indemnify and hold the Franchisee (and the Franchisee's agents, principals, partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, and employees) forever harmless from and against all liabilities, losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) which are not covered by insurance proceeds that may be incurred by or asserted against any such Party and that arise from : (a) fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence of the Franchisor; provided, however, that the act or omission of any employee of the Franchisor who is not an Executive Employee, which act or omission is wilful or constitutes fraud or gross negligence on the part of such employee, shall not constitute fraud, gross negligence or wilful misconduct on the part of the Franchisor unless Franchisor's home office or regional staff, or an Executive Employee, acted with gross negligence in employing, training, supervising or continuing the employment of such employee; (b) the infringement by any of the Franchisor's Intellectual Property rights (including trademarks, software, etc.) on the intellectual property rights of any third party; (c) any Excluded Employee Claims; (d) knowing or reckless placing, discharge, leakage, use or storage, of hazardous materials on the Hotel by the Franchis or during the Term ; or ( f ) the breach by the Franchisor of any provision of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any action taken by the Franchisor which is beyond the scope of the Franchisor's authority under this Agreement, which is not cured within any applicable Notice and cure periods. The Franchisee shall promptly provide the Franchisor with written Notice of any claim or suit brought against it by a third party which might result in such indemnification. 
 
 25.2 Indemnification by the Franchisee: Except with respect to the matters for which the Franchisor is obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 25.1, the Franchisee shall indemnify and hold the Franchisor (and the Franchisor's agents, principals, partners, members, officers, directors, and employees) forever harmless from and against all liabilities, losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) which are not covered by insurance proceeds and that may be incurred by or asserted against the Fra nchisor and that arise from or in connection with (a) the performance of the Franchisee's services under this Agreement; or (b) the condition or use of the Hotel, to the fullest extent permitted by law, including without limitation, any injury to person(s) or damage to property or business by reason of any cause whatsoever in or about the Hotel. The Franchisor shall promptly provide the Franchisee with written Notice of any claim or suit brought against it by a third party which might result in such indemnification. 
 
 25.3 Indemnification Procedure : The Indemnifying Party shall have the right, by serving Notice to the other Party , to assume the defence of any claim with respect to which the other Party is entitled to indemnification hereunder. If the Indemnifying Party gives such notice, ( i ) such defence shall be conducted by counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and approved by the other Party , such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (provided, however, that the other Party's approval shall not be required with respect to counsel designated by the Indemnifying Party's insurer); (ii) so long as the Indemnifying Party is conducting such defence with reasonable diligence, the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to control such a defence and shall not be required to pay the fees or disbursements of any counsel engaged by the other Party for services rendered after the Indemnifying Party has given the Notice provided for above to the other Party, except if there is a conflict of interest between the Parties with respect to such claim or defence; and (iii) the Indemnifying Party shall have the right, without the consent of the other Party, to settle such claim, but only provided that such settlement involves only the payment of money, the Indemnifying Party pays all amounts due in connection with or by reason of such settlement and, as part thereof, the other Party is unconditionally released from all liability in respect of such claim. The other Party shall have the right to participate in the defence of such claim being defended by the Indemnifying Party at the expense of the other Party, but the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to control such defence (other than in the event of a conflict of interest between the parties with respect to such claim or defence). 
 
 25.4 In no event shall ( i ) the other Party settle any claim without the consent of the Indemnifying Party so long as the Indemnifying Party is conducting the defence thereof in accordance with this Agreement; or (ii) if a claim is covered by the Indemnifying Party's liability insurance, take or omit to take any action which would cause the insurer not to defend such claim or to disclaim liability in respect thereof. 
 
 25.5 Survival: The provisions of this Article shall survive Termination of this Agreement with respect to acts, omissions and occurrences arising during the Term. 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXVI 
 DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW 
 
 26.1 This Agreement and its interpretation, validity and performance shall be governed by the laws of Pakistan. The Parties hereto agree that exclusive venue for any action in connection herewith shall be Lahore . 
 
 26.2 Any dispute arising in connection with the franchise , or this Agreement, shall be settled by the Franchisee and the Franchisor amicably, failing which the same shall be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Act, 1940, and a single arbitrator shall be appointed by mutual consent of the Parties . If the Franchisor and the Franchisee fail to agree upon an agreeable arbitrator , each will appoint its own arbitrator , who shall then, if necessary appoint a neutral arbitrator . The venue of arbitration shall be Lahore . The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Parties. The arbitration proceedings initiated shall be concluded within 6 (six) months of such reference, failing which the courts of Pakistan shall have jurisdiction over any matter arising out of, or in connection with this Agreement or the franchise . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXVII 
 TERM OF THE AGREEMENT 
 
 27.1 Term: The term shall commence from the date when the Hotel has started its operations for the purpose of this Agreement, the Termination Date shall be a date which falls at ten (10) years from signing of this Agreement /Effective Date . 
 
 27.2 Notwithstanding Termination , Clause 10. 6 , the last sentence of Clause 16.1, Articles XXIV, XXV, XXVI &amp; XXVII, and Clause 28. 8 shall continue to be in force and survive Termination . 
 
 
 ARTICLE XXVIII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 28.1 Right to make Agreement : Each Party warrants, with respect to itself, that neither the execution of this Agreement nor the finalization of the transactions contemplated herein shall violate any provision of law or judgment, writ, injunction, order or decree of any court or governmental authority having jurisdiction over it; result in or constitute a breach or default , incur any indenture, contract, other commitment or restriction to which it is a Party or by which it is bound , or require any consent, vote or approval which has not been given or taken. Each Party covenants that it has and will continue to have throughout the Term and any extensions thereof, the full right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. 
 
 28.2 Failure to Perform: If either party at any time fails to make any payments as specified or required hereunder or fails to perform any other act required on its part to be made or performed hereunder without limitation, then the other Party after thirty (30) days' written Notice to the defaulting Party may (but shall not be obligated to) pay any such delinquent amount or perform any such other act on the defaulting party's Part. Any sums thus paid and all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the making of such payment or the proper performance of any such act, together with mark-up at six months KIBOR + 2 percentage points, from the date that such payment is made or such costs and expenses incurred, shall constitute a liquidated amount to be paid by the defaulting Party under this Agreement to the other party on demand. 
 
 28.3 Franchisor ’s Representative: The Franchisor may , in consultation with the Franchisee, appoint its finance/accounts representative, who shall have access to the financial data of the Hotel. 
 
 28.5 Headings: Headings of articles and sections are inserted only for convenience and are in no way to be construed as a limitation on the scope of the particular articles or sections to which they refer. 
 
 28. 6 Entire Agreement : This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes all prior understandings and writings. 
 
 28. 7 Confidentiality: The Franchisor shall keep confidential all non-public information obtained in connection with the services rendered under this Agreement and shall not disclose any such information or use any such information except in furtherance of its duties under this Agreement or as may be required by applicable Legal Requirements or order by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 
 28. 8 Modification : Any amendment, supplement or modification of this Agreement must be in writing signed by both Parties hereto. 
 
 28. 9 Counterparts : This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which is an original and all of which collectively constitute one instrument. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers, as of the Effective Date. 
 
 Signed by: 
 
 
 For and on behalf of the Franchisee ( Mall 35) 
 
 Mr. Zeeshan Ali Khan __________________________ (Partner, Mall 35) 
 
 Full name of Witness: _____________________________ 
 
 Signature of Witness: _____________________________ 
 
 Signed by: 
 
 For and on behalf of the Franchisor ( Hotel One (Private) Limited ) 
 
 Authorized Representative: Waqar A. Qureshi , Director Development, Hotel One (Pvt) Ltd. 
 
 Signature: _____________________________ 
 
 Full name of Witness: _____________________________ 
 
 Signature of Witness: _____________________________ 
 
 SCHEDULE-I 
 (First Recital) 
 
 
 This “Hotel” shall at the minimum consist of the following: 
 
 a) .... (..) rooms conforming to Applicable Standards . 
 b) .. Coffee shop conforming to the Applicable Hotel One Standards. 
 c) .. Board/Meeting Rooms conforming to the Applicable Standards . 
 d) ..... restaurant 
 d) All other facilities and services which are essential and necessary to operate a hotel as per Applicable Standards. 
 
 ANNEXURE A 
 
 Copy of Pay Order 
 and 
 Franchisor’s acknowledgment of receipt of the Pay Order 
 
 
 
 I, Waqar A. Qureshi , Director Development, Hotel One (Pvt) Ltd. holding CNIC No. 35202-4237205-7 hereby acknowledge receipt of payment of Rs . 5,000,000 (Rupees Five Million) vide pay order bearing no. 00726459, dated 21 February 2020 drawn on JS Bank Limited, Gulberg branch Lahore, in favour of Hotel One (Private) Limited , as full and final payment in respect of franchise marks and technical fee, under the franchise agreement dated 25 February 2020 executed by and between Hotel One (Pvt) Ltd. /franchisor and Mall 35 /franchisee . 
 
 
 
 Name: Waqar A. Qureshi 
 
 Signature: _________________ 
 
 CNIC: 35202-4237205-7 
 
 Date: 25 .02.2020