\

-

"

I

..· .....,.,. ..'I .•......
, ,..... ..... I
::::..:::::11.. ...1 ....,.

I"'···

/Ill IIIIH/11/INI//IIU HIIIIIIIIII/III/U

"-

E-STAMP
0069-14565972

PB-LHR-09720121493820EB

Non-Judicial

Description
First Party
Second Party

Rs 1,200/-

Agent
Stilonp Duty Paid by
Issue Date
Paid Through Challan

: AGREEMENT OR MEMORANDUM OF AN AGREEMENT- 5(ccc)
: Delta Centauri Developments Private Limited through [35202-6505563-5]
: Defence Housing Authority Multan through [34201-7444967-5]
: Waseem Raja [35202-5960651-5]
: Delta Centauri Developments Private Limited through [35202-6505563-5]
: 18-0ct-2021, 04:15:01 PM
: 202165D9DD900CF5

flr!':Junt in Words

: Or.e Thousand Two Hundred Rupees Only

-

-

- --

- - - - - - - - - - - PleaseWriteBelow This line - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

SALE OF LAND AGREEMENT

SALE OF LAND AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement" is made on this ..... .
Day of..2.0...!9..Cb>l>f¥2021 at Multan.

BETWEEN

The Defence Housing Authority, Lahore - Multan Chapter, established under DHA Lahore
Order 2002, having its principal office at 1 Multan Public School Road, Multan, hereinafter
referred to as "DRAM' through its Project Secretary which constitutes the First Part;

· AND
M/s Delta Centauri Developments Pvt Ltd having its principal office at Grand Enclave
Airport Road, Lahore and/or Company Registration No ... hereinafter referred to as "Delta"
which expression shall include their legal heirs, successors-in-interest and authorize

representative/executors, sub-contractors, agents through its duly authorized representativ ,,
Muhammad Tariq Saadat, which constitutes the Second Part.

1eferre<ii to as "Parties"
)

J

~REAS, DRAM is an authority engaged in the development of housing projects
schemes aimed at the welfare of Army personnel and shuhadas and is an absolute and la

.._.&.11"1,.,

of PLOT NO. RC-01 (hereinafter referred to as "Land") situated at RUMANZA GOLF

,

COURSE COMMUNITY DHA MlJLTAN, (marked on map attached as Annexure-!) which
is free from all sorts of liens I encumbrances.
WHERAS, DHAM aims and intends for the sale of Land as per the provisions of law,
specifically for the purpose of construction, operations, development, marketing & sale of
mixed-use multiple tower buildings including hotel, apartments, offices, commercial, retail,
restaurants, function halls, fitness centers, consisting of Five Star HlLTON HOTEL or
Intercontinental Hotels Group (hereinafter referred to as " Project").
WHEREAS, Delta represents itself a company which deals in the business of construction and
development and has agreed to purchase the Land solely for the purpose of real estate
development of the Project. In this regard, Delta has ensured DHAM that it has all the requisite •
skills, expertise, manpower, infrastructure and necessary financial reso urces to fully perform
all the tasks in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement in a timely, professional and
diligent manner.
WHEREAS, DHAM has agreed to sell and the Delta has agreed to purchase the Land owned
by DHAM for the specific purpose of utilizing the same for the construction, development,
marketing and sale of the Project in accordance with the term s and conditions specified
hereunder in this Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual promises and agreement of the parties
expressed herein the parties agree to the sale of designated piece oft and in the following terms:
1.

SCOPE OF AGREEMENT:
DHAM has agreed to sell and the Delta has agreed to purchase the Land on the terms
and conditions ofthis agreement, exclusively owned by the DHAM, which is free from , ·
all encumbrances, for the sole and exclusive purpose of construction, development,
operating, marketing and sale of the Project.

2.

AREA OF LAND:
Total Area to be sold by DHAM under th is Agreement shall be Plot no. RC-0 I Located
at RUMANZA GOLF COURSE COMMUNITY DHA MULTAN measuring I 0 Acres
in
aggregate (marked on map attached at Annexure- I). Acre shall be 4000 square yards as
per By Laws ofDHAM.

3.

CONSIDERATION:
3.1.
3.2.

4.

~
'
/ ..
~ ··-...
•·
,
J c, l ,., ........ ."·. '. •··.:4
l i ..... ,
'f't--\ ': -....·1
f• .·. ' ,... ,.....
'\

.

: i

Delta has agreed to purchase the Land at the rate of Rs. 270 Million per acre
which shall be inclusive of Development C harges and approval charges.
Total Price of the Land at the rates mentioned at clause 3. 1 shall be Rs. 2.7 , ·
Billion including development & project approval charges.

PAYMENT SCHEDULE:

\

Delta shall be under obligation to make the Payments regarding the Land to DHAMtas
per the payme nt schedule attached as Annexure-11 (the " Payment Schedule"). Late

. . .

\'

~u~ · .., ~·

·

J.

'· ... .:Yf{oj'bl

.·~ \......··"-·y,/..:·.'f

\ "<,..

·

\

.·

""~ . . . .. . .......
f)

Payment Surcharge @ 16% per annum shall be applicable on the defaulted amount for
each day of delay, which shall be in add ition to the penalty as referred in clause 17.
5.

TAXATION:
Delta shall also be under obl igation to pay all applicable taxes including withholding
taxes payable under the provision of the Income Tax Ordina nce, 200 I particularly those
payable along with payment of down payment I instalments. Decision of DHAM
regarding applicabi lity of taxes shall be final as per Law.

6.

TIME PERIOD FOR COMPLETION OF PROJECT:

7.

Delta shall be under obligation to complete the construction of the Project four (4) years
from the grant of approvals of Construction Drawings by DHAM. A grace period of 6
months may be granted by DHAM.
HANDING OVER POSSESSION OF LAND:
Upon the payment of the down payment mentioned in Annex ure II , DHAM shall hand
over the vacant possession of the Land to Delta for the purpose of initiating construction
and development of the Project, however, such possession shall be conditio nal till the
successful payment of entire land price as per the Payment Schedule attached as
Annexure- II (the " Payment Schedule"). After taking over the possession of the from
DHAM, Delta shall have uninterrupted access to the Land for any purpose whatsoever
for the planning of the Project including but not limited to site survey, soil investigation
and testing. After grant of Approvals from DHAM, Delta shall also be at liberty to
install its machinery, depute workers, place construction materials, etc. to start the
construction and development.
•

8.

ISSUANCE OF ALLOTMENT LETTER
After payment of the land as per payment schedule (Annexure II), DHAM shall by way
of issuance of allotment letter, sell and transfer all rights of land to Delta, in order to
facilitate Delta in raising project financing as per Delta's requirements, by way of
creating mortgage, Iien, or charge on the allotted parts of the Land or by any other mean
of financing and investment through the foreign or local investors, banks, capital
markets, investment banks, trusts, and financial institutions.

9.

OBLIGATIONS OF DELTA:
Under this Agreement, Delta shall be under absolute obliga6on to fu lfil the following
tasks:
,
a. Obligation of Use of Land:
1.
Delta, after taking possession of the Land, shall utilize the same solely
for the purpose of planning and construction of the Project without
compromising on the quality of materials. DHAM or any of
representative ofDHAM shall have the right to inspect the quality of the
material used by Delta at any time and Delta shall fully cooperate in this I
regard. If it is found that defective or sub-standard material is being use~
by Delta, the same shall be confronted with the Delta and Delta shall be,
bound to remedy the same. Upon failure of Delta to remedy the cause',
within a mutually agreed time, DHAM shall have the right to terminate
the Agreement. DHA MU LT A by laws shall be complied with in this

•

ii.

regards Delta shall not utilize the Land for any other purpose than the
Project.
As per the agreement, mu lti-storied mixed use bui ldings shall
be constructed, operated, sold and developed by Delta

b. Obli2ation ofljme!y Comp!etjop of project:
Delta shall be bound to complete the construction of Project within the time frame
mentioned under clause 6, failing which penalties, fines and surcharges as
mentioned in c lause 17 shall be applicable on Delta unless such delays are
attributable to DHAM for fulfillment of obligations under this agreement.

c. Performance Securitv
•

•

•
•
•

•

In order to ensure proper and due performance under this Agreement, Delta shall
provide a n unconditional Performance Security to the DHAM at the time of signing
of this Agreement possession of the land. It is agreed between the Parties that only
after the submission of Performance Security-along with down payment,
Allocation letter of the land shall be delivered to Delta. The insurance companywill require underlying agreement in order to issue performance guarantee
The Performance Security shall be for an amount-not-less than 5% of the total price
of Land and shall be in the form of Insurance Guarantees issued by an Insurance
Company with AA credit-rating in Pakistan.
The Performance Guarantees shall be kept valid for the fu ll amount by Delta 611
the complete construction of the Project. Shall be borne by the Delta.
The cost of complying with requirements of this Clause
Only after complete construction of the Project as well as complete payment made
by Delta as per the Payment Schedule, Performance-Security shall be released by
DHAM.
Failure ofDelta to make payments as per the Payment Schedule or non-completion
of the Project withi n the time mentioned at c lause 6 shall legally entitle DHAM to
encash performance security along w ith termination of the agreement un less such
delays are attributable to any delay by DHAM to fu lfil l its obligations under th is
agreement

d. Obli2a tjon of T imely Payment;
Delta shall be under obligation to make payments to DHAM strictly as per the
payment schedule (Annexure ll) mentioned under c lause 4 of this Agreement, ·
failing which DHAM shall reserve the right to terminate the Agreement and '
recover possession of the entire Land from Delta strictly in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

e. Obligations rega rdjna Construction of Project:
1.

ti.

Delta shall be bound to perform the entire tasks, works, development,
marketing and sales in its own capacity. Delta allowed to hire sub- I
contractors. The cost I remuneration of hiring sub-contractors shall be {
the sole responsibility of Delta and responsib ilities under the Agreement 1
shall at a ll times vest in delta.
Provided that Delta and its contractors have uninterrupted access to the
Land after handing over of possession, Delta shall submit to DHAM a

•

~'
~ ,~

·'

"·

'
•

rn.

iv.

v.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

detailed Master Plan along with complete drawings, maps and progress
schedule with in the Six (6) Months of possession (possession wi ll be
given after first payment as per Annexure Il) of the land in the manner
as prescribed by the DHAM which shall be subject to the approval I ,
amendments of DHAM. Only after the approval of drawings by
DHAM, Delta shall be at liberty to initiate the construction a nd
development ofthe Project. DHAM shall approve the drawings within
4 weeks fro m submission by Delta
Construction, Designing and Supervision of construction of the Project
sha ll be the sole responsibi lity of the Delta which sha ll be in consonance
with the DHA Multan 's bye-laws as (Applicable by- laws as amended
from time to time) and other relevant laws of the land.
Delta shall be bound to submit to DHAM detailed work program after
submission of detailed drawings to monitor the scheduled progress and
detailed progress report regarding the Project after every 6 Month by
P&D
Branch of DHAM which shall include but shall not be limited to 3D I
Layout
plans, details regarding execution of works, description of works, labor
employment, local material procurement, import material if any and all
other details which DHAM shall demand I require.
'
Delta shall make his own arrangements at its own cost and expense
regarding supply of water, power and sanitary facilities. Delta s hall be
responsible for the supply, maintenance, repair and operation of all the
services at his own cost throughout the construction period w ithin its
land. Excavatedsoilfromtheprojectcanonlybeused as backfill at
same project and surplus soil will not be used for sale I purchase by Delta
outside DHAM premises. However, Infrastructure of a ll the uti lities not
limited to electricity, water, gas, etcshallbeprovidedby DHAM
ti ll thenodepoi ntof the land for utilities connections. It shall be the
responsibil ity of Delta to take all approvals and submit government dues
and fees for the purpose of installation of a ll the public utilities including
but not limited to electric ity, water, gas,etc .
Delta shall proceed with extreme care and caution with the performance
of its obligations and in case any damage done to any property ofDHAM
or any other person whether moveable or immovable. As a direct result
of any negligence of Delta, Delta shall solely be responsible fo r any such '
damage and it shall be borne by Delta. Delta shall indemnify DHAM
against any loss or claim in this regard.
Delta shall, at his own cost and under his own responsibility, carryout
all disposal and dumping of spoils, debris etc. in the manner and at the
location approved by the relevant Authority having jurisdiction and the
DHAM.
Delta shall be fully responsible for all safety and security
mattersincluding but not limited to any injuries to employers, labors,
personnel, persons and property, loss of life, damages or such other
matters of detriment happening as a result of execution of works and
matters related thereto, and Delta undertakes to indemnify DHAM
against any and all claims in this regard.
,

In order to provide for the safety, health and welfare of persons, and for /

i

prevention of damage and injury of any kind, all operations for the
purposes of or in with the Agreement shall be carried out in compliance \
with the safety requirements of the Government of Pakistan including ,

•..... . ... ..._•'/1I
•

... __.

!

those of local bodies and Authority, if any, having jurisdiction in this 1 '
regard, with such modifications thereto as when and authorize.
x.
Quality Control and Quality Assurance of all works shall be the
unshared responsibility of Delta, notwithstanding any supervision,
checking and the li ke by the DHAM or any others authorized. All works
carried out by Delta
and all material utilized by them and incorporated into the construction
and development shall be fully compliant with the standard
specifications and
requirements as are mandatory under the prevalent laws (these standards
and specifications shall form part of this agreement). No compromise in
the quality of materials shall be made by Delta and DHAM shall be at
liberty to inspect I object the materials utilized by Delta.
xi. During the execution of this Agreement, Delta shall fully co-operate
with other parties (inc luding but not limited to contractors, consultants,
etc engaged by DHAM) working in the vicinity of the Land. Delta shall
ensure that necessary I adequate safety precautions are observed and, ·
interferences avoided in general and specifically for the works executed
side by side by different contractors. Due consideration must be given
to permit access to sections of the works as required by the contractors
for executions of their works.
xu. Delta shall regularly pay wages to the labor and empl oyees and observe
conditions of labor not less favourable than those established by the
Government or Authority having j urisdiction in th is regard for the trade
or industry where the work is carried out.
XIII. Delta shall be under obligation to employ skilled and professional labor
and workmen for the performance and execution of this Agreement.
XIV. Delta shall at his own cost, liability and arrangement obtain necessary land
I space, provide and maintain inconformity with the rules and
regulations prevailing such housing accommodation and amenities as he
may consider necessary for all his staff and labour, employed for the
purposes of or in connection with the Agreement including but not
lim ited to all fencing, electricity supply, sanitation, cook houses, fire
1
prevention, water supply and other requirements in connection w ith such
housing accommodation or amenities. Delta shall, at its own cost and
expense, after the handover of the Project Site shall construct a
temporary site/sales office on Project Site till such time the construction
reaches first floor
xv. Delta shall further ensure that suitable arrangements are made for the
prevention of epidemics and provisions of necessary welfare and
hygiene requirements.
x'Vi. Delta shall at all times take all responsibilities to prevent any unlawful,
riotous or disorderly conduct by or amongst his and his sub-contractor's
staff and labour and for preservation of peace and protection of persons
and property.
x'Vii. Working hours shall be observed by Delta and its sub-contractors as
stipulated in the Labour Laws of Pakistan. However, when deemed f
necessary to expedite the works, overtime, night time or holiday working/
will be permitted.
i.
x'Viii. All relevant Labour Laws, including Workman's Com pensation Act, etc. ~
shall be fully followed by Delta and enforced by him among his other
entities, personnel, agents, sub-contractors, staff etc. as and where
applicable.

..

,
xix. Delta shall be bound to submit to DHAM copies of all provisional
allocation letter issued to end users I customers I buyers.
f.

Obli2ation to take approya!s. licenses. permjts. etc.

It shall be the sole responsibility of Delta to take all the necessary and requisite
approvals, licenses, permits, etc. fro m the relevant departments required fo r the
purpose of the Project. All the expenses or fees in this regard shall be borne by
Delta and nothing shall be demanded from DHAM. DHAM shall cooperate with
Delta in getting all the requisite approvals from relevant departments
g. Oblj2ation regarding installation of Public Utilities;

,

It shall be the responsibility of Delta to take all approvals and submit
government dues and fees for the purpose of installation of all the public utilities
inc luding but not limited to electricity, water, gas, etc. However, DHAM shall
facilitate Delta in obtaining the such approvals by issu ing NOCs and other
required documentation for such purposes.

h. Obli2atjon re2ardin2 maintenance of the Building;
De lta shall be under obligation to fo llow and comply with all the Bye-Laws of
DHA Multan for the purpose of maintenance of the Bui lding.

i.

Obli2ation to do Marketing and Sales ofthe Buildin2 Units ;
It shall be the sole right and responsibility of Delta to do all marketing and sales
through direct sales, balloting, memberships etc of the Buildings Units from its , '
own resources. Delta may choose any means for the effective marketing and
sales but under no circumstances Delta shall be allowed to use the name and logo
of DHAM except fo r the purpose of referring to location of the Project. All the
marketing material limited to bill boards, sign boards sha ll be approved by
DHAM prior to release (DHAM shall not, in any case, withho ld approval for
more than 5 working days after which it wi ll deemed to be approved) and Delta
shall be bound that no reference to DHAM shall be made in the marketing
material except for allowed purposes referred above. It has further been agreed
between the Parties that Sales of the Building Units or any other excuse shall
not in any case be a condition for clearing the payment of DHAM. In all
eventualities, Delta shall be liable to make entire payment to DHAM as per the
payment schedule mentioned in clause 4. Some marketing material is attached
with this agreement as pre-approved from both parties. Delta shall be perm itted
to commence the sales and marketing of the Project to public at large upon
submission and approval by DHAM of land ut ilization plan (as per Annexure
III) for 5 Star Hotel and Allied faci lities and other components of the Project and •
subject to payment of 1st down payment of Rs 81 ,000,0001- as per Annexure rr'

j.

Obligations regardjng Plannjng I Construction;
\

i.

DHA Bye-Laws shall be strictly followed in all respects during design and \ '
construction of the building. ~hese bye=t:aws ate attached by DHAM ~
w~l:l this agreement. DHA may also give ~ approvals for this project.

~

,

,

u.

Minimum Ix Emergency Exit shall be provided. Emergency fire exits of
non- combustible material shall be provided. Complete civil drawings for
Fire Safety Precautions shall be required to be submitted for approval of
DHAM prior to construction. A copy of construction rules and guidelines
are attached by DHAM with this agreement
iii. I x parking space for I 000 Sq Ft of sellable area will be provided.
iv. Dedicated I Integral parking arrangements will be ensured within the
premises for commercial activities.
k. Registration of Bookings I Sales I Cancellation I Transfer:

,

After full payment of land price and completion of construction of project or
complete building making part of project, allotment letters in the name of
owners of s ub divided units shall be issued by DHAM as per the list provided by
delta along with OC's issued by it. All subsequent transfers of ownership shall
be registered with DHAM.
I.

Liability towards End Users I Buyers:
It shall be the absolute liability of Delta to complete the works and deliver the
units to the end users/buyers within the agreed timelines as per the agreements
with the buyers in order to ensure the protection of rights of the end users/buyers
and Delta shall remain unequivocally responsible for any default on this material
obligation.

10. OBLIGATIONS OF DHAM:

,

DHAM shall deliver the possession of the designated piece of land to Delta in
accordance with provisions of this Agreement, in conformity with the DHA ByLaws, DHA Multan shall provide size I site plan for the Project on Plot no. RC01 Located at RUMANZA GOLF COURSE COMMUNITY DHA MULTA
measuring I 0 Acres in aggregate (marked on map attached at Annexure-!) to
Delta which shall be firm and final and Delta shall be bound to follow that the
Site Plan provided by DHAM
a) DHAM shall provide complete assistance to Delta for the timely
completion of Project under this Agreement (as far as practicable as seller
of the Land and relevant authority for granting various approvals) and
shall not cause undue interference in the works carried out by Delta.
b) DHAM shall provide uninterrupted access to Delta, its subcontractors, its
labor, employees, machinery, vehicles, staff, etc. at the Project Site for
the performance of their obi igations under this Agreement.

,
11. ISSUANCE OF ALLOTMENT LETTER:

After the entire payment of total price of Land by Delta to DHAM along with
the penalties or surcharge, if any, DHAM shall issue A llotment Letter
pertain ing to the Land in the name of Delta.

12. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AN D COVENANTS BY DELTA

a) Delta is a legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing\ .

f)

,
:

under the laws of Pakistan. Delta shall keep in full force and effect its legal
existence and all licenses and franchises necessary for the conduct of its
PROJECT
b) The execution, de livery and performance by Delta under this Agreement is
within the authority of Delta, and it has been a uthorized by all necessary
proceedings and do not and will not contravene any provision of law.
c) Upon execution and delivery by Delta, this Agreement shall be the val id and
binding obligation of Delta , enforceable in accordance with its terms.
'
d) There are no j udgments passed against I outstanding against Delta or petitions,
suits, c laim s, causes of actions or moratoria or any other proceedings pending
or threatened against Delta before any court or other governmental,
administrative, regul atory, adjudicatory, or arbitrational body of any ki nd,
which if decided adversely to Delta would adversely affect Delta ability to
perform the obligations of this Agreement.
e) Delta undertakes that it shall utilize the Land only for the specific purpose i.e.,
construction, development, operations, and sale of Project.
13. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTI ES AND COVENANTS BY DHAM
a) DHAM is the sole and exclusive owner of the Land which is free from all
encumbrances and DHAM is fully entitle to enter into this Agreement of sale of
Land.
b) DHAM is an authority duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of Pakistan. DHAM w ill keep in full fo rce and effect throughout the •
duration ofthis Agreement its legal existence.
c) The execution, delivery and performance by DHAM of this Agreement is within
the authority of DHAM, has been authorized by all necessary proceedings and
do not and will not contravene any provision oflaw.
d) Upon execution and delivery of the Agreement by DHAM, this Agreement wi ll
be a valid and binding obligation of DHAM, enforceable against DHAM m
accordance w ith its terms.
14. TERMINATION
I.

DHAM shall be entitled to te rminate the Agreement, if Delta:
a) Utilize the Land for any other purpose other than the Project,
b) Abandons the construction work or otherwise plainly demonstrates the intention
not to continue performance of his obligatio ns under the Agreement unless it is
a direct result DHAM's non-fulfillment of its obligation(s) under th is agreement
c) Becomes bankrupt or insolvent, goes into liquidation, has a receiving or, '
administration order made against him, compounds with his creditors, or carries
on business under a receiver, trustee or manager for the benefit of his creditors,
or if any act is done or event occurs which (under appl icable laws) has a si mila r
effect to any of these acts or events, or
d) If during the performance of Agreement, it came to the knowledge through
mutually agreed 3rd party of DHAM that sub-standard material is being used by
De lta for the construction of the Project, and Delta fa ils to rectify the issue

2.
In any of these events or circumstances mentioned above, the DHAM shall be
entitled to serve two notices (half yearly apart) to Delta to remedy the default in case
of curable default or to Term inate the Agreement by serving Termination otice to
Delta in case of uncurable defect. In case no remedial action taken after the lapse of
above referred two notices (i.e. twelve months from the first notice), , DHAM shall be

,

entitled to Terminate the Contract. After rectification of the default by Delta, the
notice(s) shall stand withdrawn .. The decision whether the default is curable or
incurable rests with DHAM
3.
DHAM' s e lection to terminate the Agreement shall not prejudice any other '
rights of the DHAM and Delta, under the Agreement or otherwise.
Delay/Non-Payment of Instalment: In any circumstances if Delta fails to

4.
pay

three consecutive instalments as per payment schedule mentioned in clause-4,
DHA Multan shall be entitled to call off this agreement immediately and shall
be legally entitled to take the possession of the project.
15. CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION
15.1. After issuance oftermination notice:
a) Sale of Land under this Agreement shall be cancelled.
b) Possession of the Land or of any structure constructed thereupon shall be taken
over by DHAM by expe lling Delta
c) Any and all payments already made by Delta to DHAM shall be forfeited.
DHAM shall reserve the right remove any machinery, goods, materials and '
tools from the Land or to sell or mortgage the materials to make good all of its
losses based on its holding lien over the materials provided that Delta has failed
to remove the same from the Land within 45 days of the date oftermination.
16. DISPUTES RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION
16.1.

16.2.

16.3.

Where notice of dispute or dissatisfaction has been given by one party to the
other party, both Parties shall attempt to settle the dispute amicably before the
commencement of Arbitration. However, un less both Parties agree otherwise,
Arbitration may be commenced on or after the lapse of 120 days' period.
Unless settled amicably, any dispute which remains unsettled, the same shall be
referred to Chairman PMC, DHA Multan being the Sole Arbitrator who shall
conduct the proceedings as per the Arbitration Act, 1940.
The place of Arbitration under this Agreement shall be Multan.

17. PENALTIES:

,

It has been agreed between the Parties that:
a Upon failure of the Delta to pay the instalment on the due date as per the
Payment Schedule, Delta shall be li able to pay penalty @ Rs. 500,000/ - (Five
hundred thousand rupees only) on each event of default of payment of
instalment in full if such default shall not be cured within 45 days from the due
date of the respective instalment. The penalty under this clause shall be in
addition to surcharge applicable under clause II.
b.

c.

Penalties under this clause shall be recovered by DHAM from Delta prior to the
release of Performance Security. The above penalty shall be in addition to the
surcharge levied as mentioned in Clause 4.
If no construction shall be started within ONE (I) year from the date of approval
of drawings by DHAM to Delta, DHAM shall have right to cancel the allocation
of said plot.

- ../~\v
~.
i

,

~ .,

. .

.."

\. ..

..

.

·.

\

'

. .

.___..,. . . . . ,.

•.·

/

18. MISCELLENOUS

,

a. Notices:
All Notices or communications shall be in writing and shall be sent by personal
delivery; nationally recognized overnight courier; or certified mail, return receipt
requested or via e-mail with a written confirmation from recipient of the receipt of
such Notice. All otices shall be deemed to be given on the date actually received.
Either party may change its address by giving otice of c hange of address to other
party.

b. Severability:
If an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction holds any portion of any provision
of the Contract invalid or unenforceable, such holding shall not affect the remainder
provisions of the Contract and all other Documents of Contract, and the remainder
of the Documents and all other Documents shall remain in full fo rce or effect.
c Assignment:
Delta shall not assign the its complete obligations under this Agreement to any one, '
however, Delta is allowed to assign any part of its obligations to sub-contractors. In
all respects the responsibilities under the Agreement shall at a ll times vest in Delta.
d Binding Effect:
This Contract shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective he irs,
personal and legal representatives, successors, and assigns. Each party represents
and warrants that this Contract is the legal, valid and binding o bligation of that party,
enforceable against that party in accordance with its existing terms and conditions.

e. Governing Law:
The Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
t: Amendment:
Acceptance of th is Contract sha ll be deemed to constitute a Contract on Delta and
DHAM part to the conditions hereof and supersedes all previous Contracts. '
Acceptance of thi s Contract is expressly limited to the terms herein. Any additional or
different terms proposed in an acceptance are deemed rejected unless consented to
in writing by both parties to such additional or different terms. No amendment or
modification of this
Contract shall be effecti ve un less it is in writing signed by both the Parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoi ng, the Additions and Deletions Report attached to this
Contract shall be part of the Contract.
~

Counterparts :
This Contract may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which may be

'-, '

~~~~,::!~~ bo'" ot;g;n, l, but • II of wh;oh ' h'll oon,.;tuto but on• and th• "m,>/~
ID
-

h. Essence of Time:
'
_ ~ -~
\
Time is of the essence in the performance of all the Works mentioned in this Contract , . ·
:· ..
and obligations hereunder.
\ •'
•. _ '
.--

i

Entire Contract:
The parties agree that this Contract sets forth their entire Contract and there are no

:

,
promises or understandings other than those stated herein. This Contract is to be
governed in accordance with the laws of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
j. Limitation of Liability:
No individual or corporate general partner of DHAM, nor any officer, director,
employee or other agent of DHAM shall have any personal liabi lity in connection
with this Agreement.

k Force Majeure:
Ne ither party w ill be liable fo r failure or delay to perform obligations under this
Agreement, which have become practicably impossible because of circumstances
beyond the reasonable control of the applicable party. Such circumstances include
without limitation natural disasters or acts of God; acts of terrorism; war; , '
government acts, orders and notifications; outbreak of epidemics, pandemics;
national or regional emergencies; or any other cause, whether similar in kind to the
foregoi ng or otherwise, beyond the party' s reasonable control. If the period of
suspension extends for more than 3 months, only then it would be construed as force
majeure period. If the period extends for over 2 months, the parties may mutually
decide upon the future course of action including termination of the Agreement.
Either party shall provide the other party with prompt written notice of any delay or
failure to perform its obligations under the Agreement that occurs by reason of force
majeure. However, the period of Force Majeure shall not, by any mean be construed
to extend or increase the term of thi s Agreement unless mutually agreed.
\

I.Waiver:
No waiver by either party of any breach of any of the covenants or conditions herein
contained, performed by the other party sha ll be construed as a waiver of any
succeeding breach of the same or of any other covenant or condition.
,

,
/

.

.. ...

'·-,~~-

/

...!..

UJ

c::C

:::;

Q

z
z

<

/~~~
-~,.. "'":.

l

i • :
..

•

!

; • :. ~: .:

·;

'

f

.; -

ANNEXURE Ill- LAND UTILIZATION PLAN

\ .-

List of Amenities f or 80 Kana I Site, DHA Multan

fiJ Wide Road
UH~AM..-1

f( )l'"

-- ----·---~- ···:::~..~~ i:!_f!~_;;;;::; ·::-·· ··· --~,

&LOCK 01
Ml)(lD USE &UII.DING
l9.JIIO !oft cO'/tAAGl

8l0CK 0;>
MIXLO US( SUllO NG
37,1.00 Sfl GROUND
COVERAGE

,..r~GH' Ill' 10 sao f'l

ttUGitl UP tO S00 f1

1
1 1 - --

. . .-

.

.

.

!i
!
!

' 'j

i,i

~~~~

,- , . .

~~
8lOCK04

&lOCKOl
Ml~lD USE &UII.DING
l9.JIIO Sf1 cO'IfP'Gl

MIXFD USF 8\J'lOING

,..liGHl UP 10 sao f1

HliGHT UP TO SOO rT

i\

31,140 SF1 GROUND
COVfRAG£

II

!
i

l,j

.. :.: ...

~1

l 9.JIIO sf'\ c()'I[AAGl

sao f1

HEIGHt UP TO SOO f1

,..t!Gtll UP 10

.............--.. ---·····-····..··

l"tCI

•
•
•
•
•

•
•

!
i!

•

Spa & Sauna
Swimming pool & Lockers
Changing Rooms
Residents Cafe
Residents lounge
Concierge and Mailroom
M ini Cinema
Garbage Disposal System
Designated Parking

Hotel Amenities

•
•

.
•

•

I

_j
f~ffiA'+'I /\_:d

•

I

:i

BlOCK 06
MIX£0 lJS( BUILD NG
17, 1.00 SrT GROUND
CCV£ RAG£

&lOCK OS

•

'i
i

I

Commercial Amenities

• Gym

•
•
•

;•:

Ml~lD USE &UilOING

Residential Amenities

•

Escalators

• Parking Plaza
• Food Court
•
•

Commercial Cinema
Kids Play Area
Anchor Stores

•

•

Surface Parking & Basement Parking

• Double Height Entrance
•

Landscaped Piazza

Project Amenities

Concierge Checking
Conference Facilities
Banquet Halls
Guest Lounge
M ultiple Rest aurants and Kitchens
Laundry/Room Service Spaces
Fitness Suite (Gym, Spa, Sauna)
Housekeeping/Admin Offices
Swimming Pool and Lockers

• Outdoor Dining Areas
• Valet Parking
• Connection with Commercial Mall

'

• Apartments and Penthouses
• Hotel
•
•

Offices
Commercial Retail Mall

• Ball Room and Banquet Halls
•

Sports & Health Club

• Business Center
• Heli-Pad
•
•

•
•
•

Secure Entrance and Exit Points
Public piazza w ith waterbodies
Dancing Fountains
Theme Park
Rooftop Gardens and Restaurants

• Out door Activity Center

fiJ Wido Road

•
•

•
•
•

•
- - -- - - - --

Mini Golf Course
Zip line
Children's Play Area/ Arcade
Outdoor Cinema
Communal Gardens
Multiple Basement Parking

---

/:· ·--.-- -.,~
DISCLA IMER:

..--

/

·

Tile a bove-mentioned amenities and se.vlces may M pt'CNided within the proposedIKO/oct. 1'1111 ,._ ails subject to dtonge.
Tile dev~<;Jper roserves the right to make altoratlons and amendments In this pt'opasa l at Its sJe discretion.•

NOTE:
Buildings heights may M up to 500 feet
Dalgn & 3D VIews are for con~t only and subjoct to change.

II

Annexure II· Payment Schedule

Cost of Land
Sr.
No.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10

Description

Tentative Date

Percentage

Amount

Down Payment-Part 1
Down Payment-Part 2
1st Installment
2nd Installment
3rd Installment
4th Installment
5th Installment
6th Installment
7th Installment
8th Installment

20-0ct-2021
20-Apr-2022
20-0ct-2022
20-Apr-2023
20-0ct-2023
20-Apr-2024
20-0ct-2024
20-Apr-2025
20-0ct-2025
20-Apr-2026

3%
7%
11 .25%
11.25%
11.25%
11 .25%
11.25%
11.25%
11.25%
11.25%
100% .

81,000,000
189,000,000
303 ,'b5o:ooo
303,750,000
303,750,000
303,750,000
303,750,000
303,750,000
303,750,000
303,750,000
2,700,000,000

270,000,000/10

,

SURMISES:
Plot Price per acre (Rs.):
No. of acres
Earl ier payment by Delta to DHAM is allowed.

ii

Land title deed shall be transferred in the name of Delta on Rs. 2,700,000,00/- payment
(Inclusive of DHAM's Transfer/ Allotment Fee) of land to DHAM and DHAM shall issue an allotment letter
in the name of Delta.

;

•

.19. Pay order I cheque amounting to 3% of land value dated_ _2021 in favour of DHA ,

Multan is being handed over on signing of this agreement.

lN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this contract the day, month
and year first above.
For and on behalf of
Defence Housing Auth~
rit Lahore - Multan
Chapter

For and on behalf of
M/S

Signature of DHAM

Colonel ~

Na
Title :

Asif Masood Sadiq

CNIC:

Project Secretary

CNIC: 34201-7444967-5
DHA Lahore - Multan Chapter

Witness:

Title : - - - - - - CNIC
Colonel

fi.

q /4f>o- f) ,tl /, IJri

Syed Sohail Akbar
Director (Planning & Development)
CN IC : 17301-1407270-3

COUNTERSIGNED

Brigadiet

Station:

Mu ltan

Dated :

~2021

I

,/~
.

. •'

t

\.

. ·,

\

,-;,...,...
. ••

•

:

}

. ...

··'

...____... .
• ..

\

..
..

'~

-'

;

"