PROJECT SALES AGREEMENT 
 
 This Project Sales Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is entered into at Lahore on [●] by and between: 
 
 ZAMEEN CORE (SMC-PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Pearl One, 94 B/I, M . M . Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorised representative Mr. Mohsin Gulzar bearing CNIC No. 35202-2803792-5 (“ Zameen Sales ”, which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 AND 
 
 LUCKY HOUSING ASSOCIATES , a partnership firm incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at Karachi , acting through its duly authorised partners, i ) Mr. Farhan Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-1161242-9 , ii) Mr. Faisal Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-4043990-3 , iii) Mr. Bilal Hussain bearing CNIC No. 42301-9765340-5 , iv) Mr. Muhammad Asif Dhedhi bearing CNIC No. 42301-0418956-5 (“ Customer ” which expression shall, where the context so admits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 (Zameen Sales and the Customer shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, “ Parties ”) 
 WHEREAS 
 
 The Customer is undertaking a real estate project, named and styled as ‘ Mehran Icon ’ , comprising of one hundred and twenty (120) Residential Apartments and thirty (30) Commercial Shops/Offices based on an area of two thousand four hundred eighty-eight point eight eight square yards (2488.88 square yards) and located at COMM-20, Sector-Y-IV, Gulshan-e- Maymar , Scheme-45, Gadap Town, Karachi (“ Project ”); 
 
 Zameen Sales is in the business of providing sales and marketing/promotion services to real estate developers , including inter alia organising sales events, providing after-sales services , processing token refunds and collecting payments from buyers up to thirty percent ( 30% ) of the sale proceeds from their real estate project ; and 
 
 The Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement for the performance of Services (defined below) by Zameen Sales with respect to the Project on the basis of the Customer providing Leads and granting an exclusive right to Zameen Sales in this regard, as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , Zameen Sales and the Customer, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 DEFINITIONS &amp; INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definitions: 
 
 Buyer means any person, company or entity that purchases any Unit in the Project, jointly or individually ; 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 5. 1 (iv) ; 
 
 Competent Authority means any federal, provincial or local government or any other competent authority empowered by law, department or regulatory body which has jurisdiction over any aspect or part of the Project or the Agreement ; 
 
 Defaulting Charges has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 15.2; 
 
 Escrow Account has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9.1; 
 
 Escrow Agent has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 9. 4 ; 
 
 Initial Fund(s) means the down payment of up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price received from a Buyer of a Unit, wholly or in piecemeal , into the Escrow Account ; 
 
 Intellectual Property includes, but is not limited to, any inventions, technological innovations, discoveries, designs, formulas, know-how, processes, business methods, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, computer software, ideas, creations, writings, lectures, illustrations, photographs, motion pictures, scientific and mathematical models, improvements to all such property, and all recorded material defining, describing, or illustrating all such property, whether in hard copy or electronic form ; 
 
 Inventory means the total of one thousand three hundred and twenty-nine (1,329) Units in the Project, available for Zameen Sales to sell, as listed in Annexure A. While the number of the Units in the Project may vary as a result of structural reorganisation, the square footage of the Inventory shall remain unchanged. Any Unit in addition to the Inventory sold by Zameen Sales , as well as any Units created as a result of aforementioned structural reorganisation of the Project , shall be deemed to be a part of the Inventory in Annexure A ; 
 
 Lead (s) means any person who expresses any interest in the Project on and from the Effective Date; 
 
 Mobilisation Time has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 6.1; 
 
 Permitted Discounts means the maximum discounts that the Customer has permitted Zameen Sales to extend to the Buyers, as per Clause 7 ; 
 
 Premium means, where the Sale Price is higher than the Quoted Price of a Unit, the difference between the two ; 
 
 Quoted Price means the price of any Unit in the Project as specified in the Price Schedule in Annexure B . Any price variation due to the Unit’s location, view, extra size, or any other additional or special facilities, application of any discount under Clause 7, shall be deemed to be a part of the Quoted Price ; 
 
 Sale Price means the price of any Unit in the Project at which the same is actually sold to any Buyer(s) after any applicable discounts, unless otherwise specified. For the avoidance of doubt, Sale Price will always be construed as the overall price of a Unit payable by the Buyer irrespective of any deposit, down payment, or a failure on the part of the Buyer to pay future instalments ; 
 
 Term has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.1 ; 
 
 Schedule of Work has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 10.9 ; 
 
 Services means all sales and marketing/promotion services to be provided by Zameen Sales during the Service Period of this Agreement, as more specifically described in Annexure D ; 
 
 Service Period has the meaning assigned to it in Clause 4.1 ; 
 
 Service Fee means the Flat Fee, Zameen Sales Premium, Marketing Fee, and Cancelled Unit Fee, along with any other fees to be charged by Zameen Sales to the Customer for providing the Services , as detailed in Clause 5 ; and 
 
 Unit means a single office, commercial shop , food court or plaza in the Project as listed in the Inventory in Annexure A. 
 
 Interpretation: 
 
 Any terms used in this Agreement in the singular, where the context so permits , shall be deemed to include the plural and vice versa. 
 
 TERM &amp; SCOPE 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective from [●] and may be terminated after expiry of the Service Period in accordance with Clause 13.1 below (“ Term ”). 
 
 The Customer has agreed to avail the Services with respect to the Project, and Zameen Sales has agreed to provide the Services to the Customer subject to the provision of L eads and grant of exclusivity by the Customer to Zameen Sales with respect to the Project , as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 EXCLUSIVITY 
 
 The Customer hereby grants an exclusive right to Zameen Sales t o prov ide the Services for sale and marketing/promotion of the Project , to the exclusion of all third parties , except to the limited extent permitted under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall not, directly or indirectly, sell any Unit in the Project and/or provide information related to potential buyers to any third party during the Term of this Agreement . 
 
 Customer understands and acknowledges that Zameen Sales shall have the right to authorize any third party, including estate agencies, property agents/dealers or any other entity, company or person, at its sole discretion, to sell the Units of the Project, or to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, in respect of the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the Customer hereby grants to Zameen Sales , for up to one ( 1 ) year from the termination of this Agreement, the right of first refusal to sell and to provide the Services, or any other service related thereto, with respect to any other inventory available in the Project . Provided that: 
 
 The Customer is under no obligation and shall have exclusive discretion to make available for sale any U nit (s) at any time; and 
 
 The right of first refusal shall extend to any U nit (s) or I nventory made available for sale during the Service Period of this Agreement or within one ( 1 ) year of termination hereof, notwithstanding whether such U nit (s) or I nventory is made available for sale by a third party to whom the Customer may have transferred any such Unit . 
 
 The right of first refusal under Clause 3. 3 shall be exclusively granted to Zameen Sales on the terms and conditions in this Agreement, or as otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen Sales shall provide the Services as more fully described in Annexure D for a period of one ( 1 ) year commencing from the expiry of the Mobilisation Time , as per the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Customer acquiring and providing to Zameen Sales all necessary approvals and no-objection certificates for the Project from the Competent Authorities (“ Service Period ”) . 
 
 The P arties hereby acknowledge that for performance of the Services inter alia , including sale of the Units, Zameen Sales shall effect sales on: 
 
 The L eads provided by the C ustomer, generated through the performance of IT and IT - enabled Service; and 
 
 The L eads generated by Zameen Sales , through marketing/promotion of the P roject , which shall include inter alia , advertisement through Project s ite branding, billboards, s treamers, sales events, Project site events and property expos. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that for performance of Services under this Agreement, Zameen Sales shall have the absolute right and discretion to determine the mediums to be deployed/used to deliver the Services with respect to the Project, including inter alia , determining the appropriate strategy, budget and platforms to be utilise d by Zameen Sales . 
 
 Zameen Sales shall not be liable in any manner for any delay or failure on the part of the Buyer to make any payment/instalment of up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price. 
 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 As consideration for the Services performed by Zameen Sales under this Agreement, Zameen Sales shall be entitled to the following Service Fee: 
 
 fee equal to two percent ( 2 %) of the Sale Price of all Units sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof (“ Flat Fee ”) ; 
 
 in the event that a Premium is earned on the sale of a Unit, the Customer shall pay fifty percent (50%) of the Premium (“ Zameen Sale s Premium ”) to Zameen Sales during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof ; 
 
 a marketing fee with respect to the product promotion activities conducted by Zameen Sales , which shall be equal to one percent (1%) of the Sale Price of all Units sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof (“ Marketing Fee ”); and 
 
 in the event of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account, Zameen Sales shall not be entitled to any of the aforementioned fees. However, in the event that the Customer charges the Buyer any cancellation fee, fifty percent (50%) of such fee shall be paid to Zameen Sales (“ Cancelled Unit Fee ”). 
 
 Subject to the permitted discounts in Clause 7 below, the Parties agree that, for the purpose of payment of Service F ee to Zameen Sales under this Agreement, a Unit shall be deemed sold if a minimum of ten percent ( 1 0%) of the Sale Price of such Unit has been paid by the Buyer. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit for which less than thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account , both Zameen Sales and Customer shall return their respective share received against such Cancelled Unit into the Escrow Account within fourteen (14) working days. 
 
 In the event cancellation of any Unit for which an amount equal to, or exceeding thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price has been provided/submitted/paid by the Buyer into the Escrow Account , Zameen Sales’ Service Fee with respect to such Unit shall be full and final, and non-refundable. 
 
 In case of cancellation of sale of any Unit, Zameen Sales shall sell such cancelled Unit as per the terms of this Agreement and subject to applicable fee(s) hereunder. 
 
 In the event that any Unit is sold by Zameen Sales at fifty percent ( 5 0% ) or above upfront payment, Service Fee shall be charged in full (or on a pro rata basis) at the Sale Price of the Unit after deduction of applicable discount(s), if any. 
 
 The Customer understands and confirms that Zameen Sales shall be entitled to the Service Fee in respect of every Unit sold during the Term and / or for a period of ninety (90) days after expiry / termination hereof , irrespective of whether the Unit(s) have been sold by Zameen Sales , the Customer or any third party and notwithstanding any documents to be filed, submitted and / or completed by the Buyer in respect of the sale of any such Unit. 
 
 SALES OF PROJECT 
 
 Zameen Sales shall mobilise the S ervices under this Agreement after thirty ( 30 ) days following the provision of the following documents, materials and information by the Customer ( “ Mobilisation Time ”) required to enable Zameen Sales to perform the Services : 
 
 Provide to Zameen Sales , all necessary approvals for the Project from the relevant development, local, municipal authority or any other Competent Authority; 
 
 Provide to Zameen Sales, all necessary documents and materials required for branding of the Project; and 
 
 Execute an Escrow with the Escrow Agent in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152581784 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 9. 5 . 
 
 Zameen Sales shall be entitled to undertake and perform the Services, along with any other services related thereto, from any office or place deemed appropriate by Zameen Sales at its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 Zameen Sales shall sell the Inventory listed in Annexure A in accordance with the Price Schedule in Annexure B . 
 
 The Parties agree that Zameen Sales shall offer, at its discretion, to any Buyer any one of the payment plans specified in Annexure C. 
 
 With respect to the Services, Zameen Sales shall achieve periodical sales targets under this Agreement in 5 cycles, each of which consists of 12 mo n ths (“ Periodic Cycle ”) as fully defined in Annexure E (“ Sales Targets ”). Provided that the Sales Targets will commence subject to the fulfilment of obligations by the Customer under Clauses 6.1 and 10.5 . Any delay on the part of the Customer with respect to the aforementioned clauses shall result in an automatic extension of time allotted to the Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement , which shall be at least equal to the time of delay on the part of the Customer. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen Sales is unable to meet a minimum of seventy percent ( 70 %) of the periodical Sales Targets during the corresponding Periodic Cycle as specified in Annexure E , the exclusivity granted to Zameen Sales under Clause REF _Ref152581908 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 3 may be revoked, unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, in the event that Zameen Sales sells seventy percent ( 70 %) of the total Inventory by the end of the Service Period, the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be automatically extended by six months. 
 
 PRICE CONTROL AND PERMITTED DISCOUNTS 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that the Quoted Price of any Unit, as per the Price Schedule in Annexure B , shall remain fixed during the Service Period of this Agreement, unless mutually agreed otherwise in writing between the Parties hereto . The determination shall solely be subject to the market conditions. 
 
 Zame en Sales shall be permitted, at its discretion, to extend a discount of ten percent ( 10 %) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at one hundred percent ( 100 %) upfront payment, and a discount of nine percent ( 9 %) of the Quoted Price to any Buyer who buys any Unit at thirty percent ( 30 %) upfront payment . 
 
 The Customer acknowledges and agrees that Zameen Sales shall have the right to give/offer any discounts permitted in the Clauses 7.2 and REF _Ref152582001 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 7.3 above, individually and/or cumulatively, as the case may be , to any Buyer . 
 
 PAYMENT OF SERVICE FEES 
 
 Customer hereby undertakes to pay Zameen Sales the Flat Fee ( s ), Marketing Fees and the Zameen Sales Premium , in the following manner: 
 
 Customer shall pay one percent ( 1 %) of the Sale Price to Zameen Sales on payment of ten percent ( 10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer ; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further one percent ( 1 %) of the Sale Price to Zameen Sales on payment of further ten percent ( 10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer , taking the aggregate payment/instalment(s) to twenty percent ( 20 %) of the Sale Price; 
 
 Customer shall pay a further one percent (1 %) of the Sale Price along with the Zameen Sales Premium (if any) due under the terms of this Agreement, to Zameen Sales on payment of further ten percent (10 %) of the Sale Price by the Buyer , taking the aggregate payment/instalment(s) to thirty percent (30 %) of the Sale Price. 
 
 Cancelled Unit Fee shall be payable by the Customer to Zameen Sales as and when a sale may be cancelled. 
 
 In the event that more than ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price is paid by the Buyer as a single up front down payment , the proportionate Service Fee on pro-rata basis shall be paid to Zameen Sales in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152582047 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 8.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen Sales shall invoice the Customer within three (3) days after every sale of a Unit(s), payment of every down payment /, cancellation of sale by the Buyer or for any other fee / payment due to Zameen Sales under this Agreement. 
 
 Zameen’s invoice shall be deemed approved and accepted by the Customer on the lapse of three (3) calendar days from the date of the invoice, unless the Customer raises any reasonable dispute/objection, through written notification, in case of over- or under-billing. If no objection is received within the stipulated time above, the Customer shall have no right to raise any objection thereafter. 
 
 Any objection notified by the Customer in accordance with Clause REF _Ref152582072 \r \h \* MERGEFORMAT ‎ 8.5 above must contain proof of over or under-billing. Moreover, the Parties shall ensure that any such objection or dispute is resolved within three (3) days from the date of notification. 
 
 In the event that Customer fails to approve Zameen’s invoice(s) or issue letter(s) of instruction to the Escrow Agent under Clause 8.5 , within 3 (three) days from the date of any such invoice, or within 3 (three) days of resolution of any objection raised by the Customer under Clause 8.5 , as the case may be, then Customer shall pay late penalty of PKR 50,000 / - (Pak Rupees Fifty Thousand Only). Provided that late payment charges shall be in addition to the unpaid invoice and shall be paid by the Customer in aggregate . 
 
 Any delay on the part of Customer in approving the invoice(s) and / or signing of the letter(s) of instruction shall result in an automatic proportionate extension of the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 All applicable taxes shall be borne by either party as per local law(s). All invoices generated under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable withholding tax and sales tax. 
 
 ESCROW ACCOUNT 
 
 In order to ensure security of payments under this Agreement, the Parties agree and undertake to open an escrow account for collection and disbursal of payments (“ Escrow Account ”), wherein deposits shall be collected against Inventory sold , for up to thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price of a Unit . The funds deposited in the Escrow Account shall ultimately be disbursed in the manner set out hereunder, which shall be subject to the collection of a minimum balance equal to ten percent (10%) of the Sale Price of a Unit. 
 
 The Escrow Account shall be opened and remain operational during the Term or such other time period after termination of the Agreement as may be mutually agreed between the Parties. 
 
 All the expenses, fees, costs and taxes associated with the opening and operations of the Escrow Account shall be borne by the Customer. 
 
 The Escrow Account shall be opened with a scheduled bank of Pakistan mutually agreed between the Parties (“ Escrow Agent ”), in the denomination of the Pakistan Rupee and registered at a branch of a bank mutually agreed between the Parties. 
 
 The Parties shall do and cause to be done all such acts, deeds and things as lawfully required for the purpose of opening and operating the Escrow Account, including but not limited to entering into an escrow agreement with the Escrow Agent, providing corporate and constitutive documents, and completing signature cards, as well as for closure of the Escrow Account after expiry or termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Funds from the Escrow Account shall be disbursed in light of approved invoices and on the basis of a letter of instruction issued by the Parties to the Escrow Agent in the manner and form prescribed by the Escrow Agen t . 
 
 The Escrow Agent shall only disburse funds from the Escrow Account strictly in accordance with the aforementioned letter of instruction , duly signed by the authorised representative/signatory of each Party. 
 
 Immediately upon receipt of written instructions from the Parties, the Escrow Agent shall disburse the funds as standing to the credit of the Escrow Account. 
 
 In the event that any funds remain in the Escrow Account after expiry or termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall issue final written instructions to the Escrow Agent for disbursal of such remaining funds before closing the Escrow Account. 
 
 CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES &amp; WARRANTIES 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that it has the lawful authority to enter into and execute this Agreement through the duly authori s ed representative first mentioned above. 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that the Customer is the absolute owner of the Project and its land area [or holds a valid attorney from the land owner to develop and sell the Project], which is free from any lien, charge, encumbrance, etc. of whatsoever nature, except when sold under this Agreement and shall remain unencumbered throughout the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer hereby represents and warrants that it is the owner of all Intellectual Property rights in relation to the Project and the name of the Project and has not violated any such Intellectual Property rights belonging to any other party. 
 
 Customer is and shall be liable for any and all payments and/or instalments for land, construction, development, any type of government dues, penalties and/or charges in relation to the Project. 
 
 Customer shall obtain all necessary permissions, approvals and NOCs for the Project from all Competent Authorities: land, revenue and/or any other department; federal, provincial and/or local governments, or any other department(s) or authority( ies ) concerned, as and when required, before or after the signing of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer shall assign numbers to all Units within the Project strictly in accordance with the approvals / NOC granted by the Competent Authorities. 
 
 The Customer acknowledges and undertakes that the Project’s floor plan attached herewith as Annexure F shall be accurate and in accordance with the approvals granted by the Competent Authorities, and the Customer shall construct the Project strictly in compliance thereof. 
 
 The Customer confirms and warrants that Customer shall not make any changes whatsoever to the Project’s floor plan , sellable inventory, specifications, amenities, or any other significant structural change, amendment or modification to the Project without consulting with Zameen Sales , and any failure to consult Zameen Sales shall be considered a breach of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer shall strictly adhere to the construction schedule (“ Schedule of Work ”) in respect of the Project, attached herewith as Annexure G . In the event that Customer fails to adhere to the Schedule of Work and work on the site has been halted for a period exceeding thirty (30) days, Zameen Sales may suspend the Services in respect of the Project, as well as utilization of Zameen Sales’ online portal, after informing the Customer in writing. The said suspension shall continue till Customer is in compliance with the Schedule of Work. Zameen Sales may consult with Customer before suspension of services under this clause. Any delay in construction by the Customer in terms of this clause shall result in an equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Parties are entering into this Agreement whereby Zameen Sales shall have the exclusive rights for the provision of Services or any other service related thereto, with respect to the Inventory, and the Buyer shall deposit thirty percent (30%) Down Payment of the Sale Price of Unit(s) sold by Zameen Sales in to the Escrow Account and the Escrow Agent shall disburse payments to the Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 The Customer undertakes that at least seventy percent (70%) of the funds disbursed to the Customer from the Escrow Account shall be exclusively utilized for construction of the Project and the same shall not be utilized for any other purpose whatsoever, to ensure adherence to the Schedule of Work and timely delivery of the Project as committed to the Buyers. 
 
 Customer acknowledges and confirms that Customer shall be solely responsible for recovery of any payments from the Buyer, including inter alia any instalment(s) in respect of every Unit sold, whereas the initial down payment shall be disbursed amongst the Parties by the Escrow Agent in accordance with payment disbursal mechanism provided Clause 9. 6 above. 
 
 Customer agrees that Zameen Sales shall not be liable in any manner for any delay or failure on the part of the Buyer to make any payment/instalment up to Thirty percent ( 30 %) of the Sale Price. 
 
 Customer shall ensure timely payment of all fees due to Zameen Sales under this Agreement. 
 
 Parties shall share on a monthly basis, an up-to-date monthly report(s), statement(s) of account(s) and/or any document(s) relating to the booking/sale of any Unit(s) in the Project’s Inventory sold during the Service Period of this Agreement, including inter alia the following information/details: 
 
 Unit No. 
 Buyer’s Name 
 Buyer’s CNIC 
 [Legal entity/ Firm No./ Company’s Incorporation No] 
 Sale Price 
 Details of the payment(s) received from the Buyer 
 
 Customer acknowledges and agrees that it shall not have the right to refuse any offer for sale of any Unit(s) from a potential Buyer(s) provided said offer is in accordance with the price schedule and Clause 7 of this Agreement. In the event of refusal by the Customer for sale of any Unit(s) from a potential Buyer(s) under this clause which affect the Project’s sales and branding campaign, Zameen Sales may suspend its Services in respect of the Project through notification in writing or via email. The suspension of Services under this clause shall result in an automatic equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 It shall be the Customer’s responsibility, being the developer and seller of the Project, to conduct the due-diligence and KYC of a Buyer , in any manner and form, as may be required under applicable laws. For the sake of clarity, Zameen Sales, being a service provider, shall not be responsible to conduct due diligence and/or KYC of the Buyer (s) in any manner whatsoever , except to the extent required under law . 
 
 Customer shall ensure timely preparation, execution and submission of all mutually agreed-upon documentation and/or material including but not limited to agreements to sell, copies of transfer and allotment letters, copies of payment receipts, and a schedule of any future charges applicable to Buyers other than Sale Price. 
 
 Customer understands and confirms that the Buyer shall not bear any allotment charges on a Unit being sold for the first time. 
 
 Customer shall ensure that all Units are transferable to the Buyer(s) at the time of booking/selling of such Unit and the Customer confirms that no transfer charges for any Unit shall be applicable to the Buyer at the time of sale of such Unit. 
 
 Customer understands that Zameen Sales shall ensure that the an ‘Acknowledgement’ is issued against any payment collected from a Buyer for and on behalf of the Customer pursuant to Clause 8 above . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event Customer fails to timely perform any of its responsibilities stated in this Clause 10 and/or any other responsibilities under this Agreement, the time period(s) for achieving Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement shall be proportionately extended. 
 
 In the event that thirty percent (30%) of the Sale Price with respect to any Unit sold or booked during the Service Period is not received from the Buyer at the time of termination of this Agreement, the Customer grants Zameen Sales the right to collect the remaining amount from such Buyer(s) to enable Zameen Sales to fulfil its obligations under Clause 4 above. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen Sales the applicable Service Fee with respect to such Units in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NON -SOLICITATION 
 
 Customer shall not in any way, directly or indirectly, employ or offer employment to, solicit or endeavour to entice away or discourage any employee and/or prospective employee of Zameen Sales (including former employees of Zameen Sales, whose employment was terminated within the preceding one (1) year of this Agreement) and/or its affiliates during the Service Period of this Agreement and up to one year after the termination of this Agreement. Further, Customer shall not acquire any direct or indirect service from any employee(s) of Zameen Sales other than the services stipulated in this Agreement. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
 Except to the extent specified in this Agreement, nothing herein shall be deemed or construed as a grant of any licence or right with respect to the Intellectual Property rights and Confidential Information of either Party, and each Party shall remain the owner of all rights, title and interest in and to its Intellectual Property. 
 
 The Parties hereby agree that all Buyer’s data collected under this Agreement in the property of the Customer and shall remain confidential. The Customer shall maintain a record of the same as may be required for the Customer’s own purpose or required under any applicable law. 
 
 Zameen Sales acknowledges that once a potential buyer is matured in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, Zameen Sales shall immediately delete and / or destroy such Buyer’s data from its database at the request of the Customer. 
 
 The Parties hereby acknowledge that as instructed by the Customer, all branding communication for the Project shall prominently display Zameen’s brand name, logo, and the phrase ‘ Brought to you by Zameen.com Har Pata , Hum a in Pata Hai ’ , . The Customer shall not have the right to use Zameen Sale ’s brand name or its logo/trademarks without prior written permission of Zameen Sales. 
 
 Any permission granted by Zameen Sales under Clause 12.4 shall only be for the purposes of brand ing the Project during the Service Period of this Agreement and shall not be construed as grant of license to use Zameen Sales ’s brand name or logo(s)/trademarks. The brand name or logo(s)/trademarks of Zameen Sales shall remain the exclusive property of Zameen . 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 This Agreement shall be effective and valid unless terminated in the manner set out below: 
 
 Prior to the lapse of the Service Period, only through mutual consent of both Parties in writing, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, neither party shall have the right to unilaterally terminate this Agreement during the Service Period; 
 
 After the lapse of the Service Period, by either Party giving at least thirty (30) days’ notice in writing to the other Party. 
 
 The termination of this Agreement shall be effective upon lapse of the notice period specified in the notice of termination under C lause 13.1 (ii) . 
 
 The Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen Sales, the Service Fee, or any other fees or charges due to Zameen Sales for services performed until the date of termination. 
 
 Any unpaid Service Fee(s) or invoice at the time of expiry or termination of this Agreement shall be paid to Zameen Sales by the Customer within 7 (seven) days of such expiry or termination. 
 
 Upon termination of this Agreement under C lause 13.1 (ii) above, the Parties agree that Zameen Sales shall provide to the Customer, within ninety ( 90 ) days from the date of termination notice, a list of Units that are in pipeline for sale for which valid t okens are available with Escrow A gent . Zameen Sales shall collect the down-payment from the Buyers, as per Clause 5.7 within thirty (30) days from the date of booking and sale of such Units. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer shall be liable to pay to Zameen Sales the Service Fee with respect to such Units. 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 Zameen Sales shall not be liable for the Customer’s failure or inability to deliver the Project or for failure or inability to deliver the Unit(s) to any Buyer(s) or for any breach of provincial or federal law, lack of approvals, or non-compliance with any other applicable law for the time being in force by Customer with regards to the Project, or for any other reason whatsoever, and Zameen Sales shall not be liable to pay any penalty that may be imposed in respect thereof or bear any costs in association therewith. For avoidance of doubt, in case of any such failure or inability on the part of the Customer as envisaged under this Clause 14 , Customer shall not be entitled to any refund of any fees or charges paid to Zameen Sales under this Agreement. 
 
 Customer shall not be responsible for any misrepresentation, mistake and / or negligence of any representative and / or employee of Zameen Sales . Irrespective of the number or basis of the claim(s) in relation thereto, Zameen Sales ’ maximum aggregate liability to any Customer, under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss (or any other loss), whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort, shall not exceed a sum equal to the value of the amount already paid to Zameen Sales by the Customer in relation to which such claim arises. 
 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 Any material breach of the terms of this Agreement shall be construed as an Event of Default. Any such default shall be remedied within ten (10) working days by the defaulting Party after being notified through written notice by the non-defaulting Party. 
 
 In the event the Customer fails to remedy any default with respect to Clauses 3, 5, 8 , 11, 13 and/or 20 within the time period stated in Clause 1 5 .1, Zameen Sales may suspend its Services in respect of the Project and the Customer shall be liable to pay Zameen Sales defaulting charges (“ Defaulting Charges ”), which shall be calculated as follows: 
 
 All expenses incurred by Zameen Sales plus overheads such as staff salaries, and any other expenses incurred by Zameen Sales in respect of the Project till the date of the Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, the Defaulting Charges shall be payable to Zameen Sales in addition to the Service Fee payable to Zameen Sales under this Agreement. 
 
 Defaulting Charges are without prejudice to any other rights of Zameen Sales under this Agreement or any other remedy available under the law and equity. Further, Defaulting Charges are not by way of a cap and in case of any losses/damages/costs incurred or suffered by Zameen Sales in excess of the Defaulting Charges, the Customer shall remain liable for any such losses/damages/costs and Zameen Sales shall be entitled to recover the same through all available legal means. 
 
 In the event of default under Clause 1 5 .2, Zameen Sales may suspend its Services in respect of the Project through notification in writing or via email until such time as the default is remedied by the Customer. The suspension of Services under this Clause 1 5 .4 shall result in an automatic equal extension in the time allotted to Sales Targets and the Service Period of this Agreement. 
 
 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Force Majeure means an event beyond the control of the Customer or Zameen Sales, which prevents either Party from complying with any of its obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to: ( i ) an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and floods); (ii) war, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), invasion, act of foreign enemies, mobilisation, requisition, or embargo; (iii) rebellion, revolution, insurrection, or military or usurped power, or civil war; and (iv) riot, commotion, strikes, go slows, acts or threats of terrorism, lock outs or disorder. 
 
 Neither Party shall be considered in breach of this Agreement to the extent of performance of their respective obligations, excluding payment obligations that have already accrued, if such Party is prevented by an Event of Force Majeure that arises after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 The Party prevented from carrying out its obligations, in accordance with Clause 16.1 (“ Affected Party ”) shall give notice to the other Party of an Event of Force Majeure upon it being foreseen by, or becoming known to, the Affected Party. 
 
 If and to the extent that Zameen Sales suffers any delay in performing its obligations, including but not limited to achieving the Sales Target, as a result of the Event of Force Majeure then it shall be entitled to an extension of time equal to the period of interruption caused by the Event of Force Majeure. 
 
 The Service Period and all periods mentioned in this Agreement, excluding the period(s) pertaining to any payment(s), shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of interruption caused by an Event of Force Majeure. 
 
 NOTICES 
 
 All notices shall be delivered via email or written letters. Emails shall be deemed delivered after twenty-four (24) hours of being sent. Written letters shall be deemed to have been delivered after three (3) working days of being posted, provided such letters were sent via a reputable courier company. The address of each Party for the purpose of serving notice hereunder are given below. It is the responsibility of each Party to promptly update the other of any change thereto. 
 
 
 
 CUSTOMER 
 
 Zameen Sales 
 Attention of: 
 [●] 
 Legal Department / Finance Department 
 Email: 
 [●] 
 legal@zameen.com &amp; CPML.Finance@zameen.com 
 Address: 
 [●] 
 3 rd Floor, 94-B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore. 
 Contact #: 
 [●] 
 
 0 313 - 4780043 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 
 In the event the Parties are unable to amicably resolve a dispute within 15 (fifteen) days, either Party may refer the same to arbitration through written notice. Arbitration shall be governed by the Arbitration Act 1940. There shall be three arbitrators: one appointed by each Party, and a third to be appointed by the first two appointed arbitrators. The venue of arbitration shall be Lahore , and the language of arbitration shall be English. The decision and award of the arbitration shall be final , including decisions as to allocation of costs. 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 The Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zameen Sales , its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns, from and against all third party (including Buyers) liabilities, claims, costs, damages, losses, or expenses (including legal fees and expenses) which arise out of or relate to any act, error or omission on the part of the Customer, any representation of the Customer herein being incorrect, misleading, incomplete, false or breach of warranty or of any obligation hereunder by the Customer, including inter alia with respect to any third party Intellectual Property rights. 
 
 GENERAL CLAUSES 
 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of Pakistan. The Parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Lahore, Pakistan. 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or deemed to create any association, partnership or joint venture, agency, or employer-employee relationship in any manner whatsoever between the Parties. 
 
 This Agreement, along with all Annexures attached herewith and the terms stated herein shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto, and applies to the Inventory of the Project as listed in Annexure A, and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral understanding or communication between the Parties. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement set forth in Clause 3.4, 10. 3 , 10.18, 11 , and 20.5 shall survive the termination hereof. 
 
 Customer shall not disclose, without prior written approval from Zameen Sales , any information regarding this Agreement, including the contents of this Agreement and/or the strategy( ies ) employed by Zameen Sales for the provision of Services under this Agreement . 
 
 All additions, amendments and variations to this Agreement shall be binding only if in writing and signed by both Parties. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions herein, shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations under this Agreement based on confidence placed by such Party in the other and thereon relied upon by such Party. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the time fixed for payment of amount(s) or any part thereof under this Agreement is and shall be the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 This Agreement may be entered into in counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER No. 1 
 FARHAN HUSSAIN 
 CNIC No. : 42301-1161242-9 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER No. 2 
 FAISAL HUSSAIN 
 CNIC No. : 42301-4043990-3 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER No. 3 
 BILAL HUSSAIN 
 CNIC No. : 42301-9765340-5 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER No. 4 
 MUHAMMAD ASIF DHEDHI 
 CNIC No. : 42301-0418956-5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of ZAMEEN SALES 
 MOHSIN GULZAR 
 CNIC No. : 35202-2803792-5 
 
 WITNESSES : 
 
 (1) 
 
 
 
 (2) 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 
 
 
 
 LIST OF ANNEXURES 
 
 ANNEXURE A INVENTORY 
 ANNEXURE B PRICE SCHEDULE 
 ANNEXURE C BUYER PAYMENT PLANS 
 ANNEXURE D SERVICES 
 ANNEXURE E SALES TARGETS 
 ANNEXURE F PROJECT SITE/FLOOR PLAN 
 ANNEXURE G SCHEDULE OF WORK 
 
 Annexure A 
 INVENTORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure B 
 PRICE SCHEDULE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure C 
 BUYER PAYMENT PLANS 
 
 Down Payment: [●] % 
 Instalment: 24 Months 
 Possession Amount: [●] % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure D 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen Sales shall provide the following services to the Customer during the Service Period of this Agreement, which shall include, but are not limited to : 
 Physical branding at Site; and 
 Call centre services. 
 Social media advertisement/ Digital Media. 
 Open House Event/ Property Sale Events 
 Zameen shall provide, at its discretion, branding through ATL activities for the Project. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annexure E 
 SALES TARGETS 
 
 Sales Targets are given below: - 
 
 
 Cycle I 
 ( 6 Months) 
 Cycle II 
 ( 6 Months) 
 Sales Target (Percentage of Inventory required to be sold) 
 3 5 % 
 3 5 % 
 Aggregate (Percentage) 
 3 5 % 
 70 % 
 Each cycle consists of 6 months . The sales shall be distributed in 2 cycles as mentioned above. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ANNEXURE F 
 PROJECT SITE/ FLOOR PLANS 
 
 
 ANNEXURE G 
 PROJECT SITE PLAN 
 
 
 
 Annexure G 
 SCHEDULE OF WORK