DIGITAL MARKETING AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 This Digital Marketing Agreement (“ Agreement ”) is made at Lahore on the [●] day of [●] , 2019 
 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 
 ZAMEEN MEDIA (PRIVATE) LIMITED , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office at 3 rd floor, Pearl One, 94-B/I, M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore, acting through its duly authorized representative Zeeshan Ali Khan (hereinafter referred to as the “ Zameen”, which expression shall mean and include, where the context so permits, its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns), of the FIRST PART; 
 
 AND 
 
 HOUSE BUILDING FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED (HBFCL) , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan, having its registered office at third floor, Finance &amp; Trade Center, Shahra - e-Faisal, Karachi-74400, Pakistan, acting through its authorized representative [● ] , hereinafter referred to as “ Customer ”, which expression shall mean and include, where the context so permits, it’s successors-in-interest and permitted assigns), of the OTHER PART . 
 
 Zameen and the Customer, shall be referred to individually as “ Party ” and collectively as “ Parties ”. 
 
 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 Zameen is an online marketplace which provides marketing solutions through its online property portal https://www.zameen.com/ (“ Website ”); 
 
 Customer is a financial institution offering various services to its customers; and 
 
 Customer is desirous of advertising on the Website and availing various services from Zameen and Zameen is desirous of providing such services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 AND WHEREAS the Parties are desirous to execute this Agreement to bind one another with regards to obligations and benefits mentioned hereunder. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows : 
 
 TERM &amp; SCOPE 
 
 Customer hereby agrees to avail products and services from Zameen to advertise various financial/banking facilities and services offered by the Customer, and Zameen hereby agrees to provide certain marketing products and services on its website, namely www.zameen.com (“ Website ”), as more fully described in Schedule I attached hereto. 
 
 This Agreement shall remain valid for a period of 6 (six) months, from 1 st of July , 2019 to 31 st December, 2019 (the “ Term ”) unless the Agreement is extended with mutual consent of both the Parties having been reduced into writing and duly signed. 
 
 This Agreement, along with Schedule I attached hereto and the terms available on the Website ( www.zameen.com/terms.html ) (the “ Terms of Use ”) , shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties, and supersedes and replaces any prior written or oral understanding or communication between the Parties. 
 
 This Agreement may not be amended except through written consent of both Parties. 
 
 SERVICES 
 
 Zameen shall provide digital marketing as more fully described in Schedule I ( “Services ”), which shall inter alia include: 
 
 
 
 Setting up, placing, and publishing advertisements for product promotion for the Customer on the Website; 
 
 Provision of monthly reports to the Customer of all Services delivered and performed, as more fully detailed in Schedule I ; 
 
 Preparation and delivery of a report consisting of the schedule of Services delivered during the Term (the “ Performance Report ”). 
 
 SERVICE FEES 
 
 Customer shall pay to Zameen, as consideration for Services performed by Zameen under this Agreement, a service fee equal to Rs. 1,200,000 (Rupees o ne million and two hundred thousand ) (the “ Service Fee ”) . Service Fee shall be paid by the Customer in the manner prescribed in Clause 4 of the Agreement. 
 
 PAYMENT 
 
 Customer shall pay Service Fee to Zameen in the following manner: 
 
 f irst instalment amounting to Rs. 600,000 (Rupees six hundred thousand) shall be paid on or before 1 st July , 2019 (the “ First Installment ” ); 
 
 s econd instalment amounting to Rs. 480 ,000 (Rupees five hundred and eighty thousand) shall be paid on or before 1st October, 2019 (the “ Second Installment ”); and 
 
 third installment amounting to Rs. 12 0,000 (Rupees sixty thousand) shall be paid within 3 (three) days of delivery of P erformance R eport by Zameen to the Customer (the “ Third Installment ” ) . 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt , the First Instalment, Second Instalment and Third Installment shall be constituted as the total Service Fee to be paid by the Customer to Zameen in accordance with Clause 4.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 Zameen shall invoice the Customer for Service Fees from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the schedules hereto. 
 
 Customer shall pay Service Fee in accordance with Clause 4.1 above. 
 
 Cus tomer shall clear every payment no later than fourteen (14) working days from the date of applicable invoice. Any delay in payment may result in suspension of Services, until such time as all outstanding payments or invoices are cleared. 
 
 
 Service Fee shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicabl e taxes in accordance with law. 
 
 NO TIFICATION OF ERRORS 
 
 Customer shall promptly notify to Zameen in writing by emailing at shuja@zameen.com , if during the term of this Agreement, with respect to any defect in the advertisements of the Customer’s products on the Website. If such defect is attributable to the operation of the Website, as determined by Zameen at its sole discretion, Zameen shall make all commercially reasonable efforts to remove the defect within the estimated turn-around-time communicated to the Customer. 
 
 Zameen shall , under no circumstances , be liable for or liable to remove any defects in the advertisements of the Customer’s products arising as a result of : 
 
 modifications to the P roducts made by the Customer or any third party on behalf of the Customer ; 
 
 u se of the Website by the Customer, the end user or any other third party, other than as specified in the Terms of U se of the Website; and 
 
 any act, omission, or a material breach of this Agreement by the Customer. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS : 
 
 Zameen agrees to ensure that Services are performed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, including Schedule 1 hereof. 
 
 Zameen reserves the right to change website design, structure, and layout without any written consent or notice to the Customer. 
 
 Customer agrees to do each of the following: 
 
 p rovide all assistance and cooperation to Zameen in order to enable Zameen to perform its Services hereunder; 
 
 p rovide all branding and promotional materials required for the performance of Services, at the time of signing of this Agreement and thereafter from time to time as product features, logos and other marketing materials change. Any delay by the Customer in terms of this Clause 5.3 , shall result in an automatic and equal extension of the Term of this Agreement ; 
 
 m ake timely payments of Service Fee due to Zameen as an d when due under this Agreement; 
 
 n otify Zameen of any changes to its procedures affecting the performance of Services under this Agreement at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to implementation of such changes; and 
 
 p rovide such other assistance to Zameen as it deems reasonable and appropriate for the performance of Services. 
 
 WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS 
 
 The Customer hereby confirms, represents and warrants that the branding and promotional material and any other content comprising each advertisement and any website ad vertised by such advertisement is not defamatory, discriminatory, violent, obscene, threatening, defamatory or otherwise objectionable to Zameen and does not constitute false advertising, solicit unlawful behavior, or violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. 
 
 Zameen hereby warrants and represents that it owns and operates the Website which is configured to and capable of meeting Customer’s specifications for provision of Services. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 Zameen reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the Services at any time, with or without notice, effective immediately including but not limited to the violation of any of the terms of this Agreement by the Customer . 
 
 Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any point by giving 45 (forty five) days’ written notice in advance to the other Party. 
 
 Customer shall clear all outstanding invoices within seven (7) days of the expiry or termination of this Agreement . 
 
 The Customer shall not be relieved of its payment obligations under this Agreement in the event of termination here o f by either of the Parties with or without cause. 
 
 LIABILITY 
 
 The Parties shall indemnify and hold harmless each other and its executives, officers, directors, members, managers, employees, agents, contractors, sub-licenses, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and assigns from and against any claims arising from acts or omissions, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the other Party, breach of any of its obligations, agreements, or duties under this Agreement, or for any other reason whatsoever, and a Party shall not be liable to pay any penalty that may be imposed in respect thereof or bear any costs in association with aforesaid act or omission of the other Party. It is stated for the sake of clarity that, n otwithstanding anything stated herein, Customer shall not be entitled to any refund of any fee paid to Zameen under this Agreement. 
 
 Irrespective of the number or basis of the claim(s) in relation thereto, a Party’s maximum aggregate liability to the o ther, under this Agreement, in respect of any direct loss (or any other loss), whether such claim(s) arises in contract or in tort, sh all not exceed the Service Fee as agreed between the Parties under Clause 3.1 and, in the case of Zameen, shall not exceed the total sum of payments received by Zameen from the Customer in relation to which such claim arises . 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 “Confidential Information” means any of the Parties’ proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets, or know-how, including, but not limited to, reports, research, product plans, products, services, customer lists, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware configuration information, marketing, finances, or other business information disclosed to one Party by the other Party, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Both Parties hereby undertake and agree that they shall, at all times, keep the other Party’s Confidential Information confidential, including the contents of this Agreement, except as and to the extent necessary to disclose under compulsion of law. 
 
 The confidentiality obligations of the Parties shall survive the lapse of this Agreement. 
 
 LICENSE S 
 
 The Parties agree and undertake not to use each other’s logos, trademarks etc. other than in the manner agreed in this Agreement. Any permission granted by either Party under this Agreement shall strictly be for the purposes hereof and shall not be construed as grant of license. The brand name or logo(s)/trademarks of either Party shall remain the exclusive property of such Party. 
 
 NOTIC ES 
 
 All notices, communications, or any other documents required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall, unless otherwise provided by this Agreement, be in writing and shall be sufficiently given three (3) working days if delivered by registered post or forty-eight (48) hours if given by e-mail to the following addresses: 
 
 Customer 
 Attention: 
 Designation: 
 Address: 
 
 Zameen 
 Attention of: Legal Department 
 E-mail: legal@zameen.com 
 Address: 3 rd Floor, Pearl One 94-B/I M.M. Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore 
 
 or to such other address or telephone or facsimile number as may from time to time by written notice be designated by the relevant Party to the other Party. 
 
 BREACH OF OBLIGATIONS 
 
 Parties agree that an act of breach under this Agreement shall be construed as any act, or an omission to act, that results in an event that is in contravention to this Agreement, including all clauses, terms or said Schedules agreed to hereunder. 
 
 ARBITRATION 
 
 Any dispute under or arising out of this Agreement shall, if not resolved within fifteen (15) days of so arising, shall be referred to arbitration, on the notice of either Party, by a panel of three (3) arbitrators: one appointed by each Party, and a third umpire appointed by the first two. Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1940. The language of arbitration shall be English and the seat of arbitration shall be Lahore. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties. 
 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 
 This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Islamic Republic of Pakistan, with the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Lahore. 
 
 INTERPRETATION 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 Reference to ‘written’ or ‘writing’ means any hand-written, typewritten, or printed communication, including telex, cable and facsimile transmission A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 The word “person” includes a firm, a body corporate, an unincorporated association or an authority; 
 
 A reference to a person includes a reference to the person's successors, nominees and assigns; 
 
 If a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 A reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending 24 hours later; 
 
 A reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 If any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a Business Day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Lahore, Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next Business Day . 
 
 
 MISCELLANOUES 
 
 Each Party shall in good faith perform their obligations hereunder. 
 
 Time is the essence of this Agreement. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall substitute the affected provisions in such a way that, to the maximum extent possible, the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their successors-in-interest and permitted assigns. 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or deemed to create any association, partnership or joint venture or employer-employee relationship in any manner whatsoever between the parties. 
 
 This Agreement may be entered into in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any Party may enter into this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties above named has executed this Agreement on the day, month and year first above written. 
 
 SIGNED 
 
 
 For and on behalf of C USTOMER 
 
 
 For and on behalf of ZAMEEN 
 [● name] 
 [●enter designation] 
 
 Zeeshan Ali Khan 
 CEO 
 House Building Finance Company Limited 
 
 Zameen Media (Private) Limited 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSED BY 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CUSTOMER 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of ZAMEEN 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 SCHEDULE I – DIGITAL MARKETING SERVICES &amp; SERVICE FEES 
 Services &amp; Products 
 Description 
 Partner Page 
 6 Months 
 HBFCL’s brand page on Zameen’s website for viewing 
 Featured Partner’s Logo 
 6 Months 
 HBFCL’s logo will be placed and visible on partner page section of W w ebsite 
 Brand Catalogue 
 6 Months 
 Complete product catalogue will remain visible on the brand page for visitors 
 Brand Gallery 
 6 Months 
 Extensive brand visibility on partner section home page for incoming audience 
 Leader Board Impressions 
 30,000/Month 
 Extensive visibility of HBFC L ads with product features on website 
 Google Display Campaign 
 Marketing campaign to engage Zameen’s highly targeted audience on this digital platform. 
 Facebook Campaign 
 Marketing campaign to engage Zameen’s highly targeted audience on this digital platform. 
 Website Footer Logo 
 6 Months 
 HBFCL’s logo will be included in the footer of the Website of the Zameen.com 
 Calculator Branding 
 6 Months 
 HBFC L Mortgage Calculator on the Website accessible for all active listings on the Website 
 Wallpaper Takeover (Location) 
 in 6 Months 
 Location wallpapers (website skin) displays HBFC L ’s advertising material on locations page of Zameen.com for branding, promotion and lead generation. 
 Magazine Featured Story 
 1 story in 6 Months 
 2 pages of HBFC L ’s detailed introduction, services provided and products available will be included in Magazine along side real estate projects. 
 Double Spread Magazine Ad 
 4 Ads in 6 Months 
 2 Page Ads of HBFC L shall be printed on the magazine namely, ‘Zameen.com Magazine Audience’, which shall be provided in print to HBCL 
 Splash Ads 
 35,000/Month 
 Extensive visibility HBFCL ads with product features on Website 
 National Visibility 
 National Events 
 Branded standees of the Customer will be placed at all events held by Zameen across the country during this Term of the Agreement. 
 Blog 
 2 Blogs in 6 Months 
 Zameen shall provide 2 blogs in 6 months on the Website. 
 Service Performance Report 
 Upon lapse of the Term 
 Service performance report will be handed over to the customer upon the lapse of the Term 
 Total Service Fee (PKR): 
 Rs.1,200,000 (Rupees Twelve Hundred thousands) 
 
 Note: Any/All Applicable taxes/WHT shall be given in accordance with the law.