ZAMEEN ACE MALL 
 AGREEMENT FOR DRAINWORKS 
 
 
 This Agreement for Excavation (the “Agreement” ) is entered into at Lahore on this 2 nd day of November, 20 20 by and between: 
 
 ZUI Investments , a partnership firm registered under the laws of Pakistan, with its registered office located at Pearl One, 94 B/I, MM Alam Road, Gulberg III, Lahore , (“ Employer ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 AND 
 
 Shelters Construction (Private) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Pakistan , with its registered office located at Place No. 3, First Floor, Overseas A Block, Commercial Market, Bahria Town Lahore (“ Contractor ” which expression shall, where the context so permits, mean and include its successors-in-interest and permitted assigns). 
 
 ( Employer and the Contractor shall also individually be referred to as “ Party ” and, collectively, as “ Parties ”) . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WHEREAS 
 The Employer solely and absolutely owns the real estate project, named and styled as ‘ Zameen Ace Mall’ , located at Plot No. 15-A Sector J, Phase II , DHA, Islamabad (the “ Project Site ”); and 
 
 The Contractor is in the business of construction , and has all the necessary skills, capabilities, equipment and licences to construct, develop and undertake the Works (defined below) at the Site ( defined below ) ; and 
 
 The Employer is desirous of availing the expertise of the Contractor for the construction at the Site (the “ Works ” ) and the Contractor is desirous of providing such services in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 DEFINITIONS &amp; INTERPRETATION 
 
 Definitions 
 
 “ Agreement ” means this agreement executed between the Parties including its annexures attached hereto. 
 
 “ Bill of Quantities ” means the priced and completed bill of quantities means contained in Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Completion Period ” means sixty (60) calendar days from the date of Commencement . 
 
 “ Confidential Information ” means any information , data or documents relating to the construction of the residential unit(s) and the Works, supplied by the Employer , electronic ally or through paper documentation , either written or oral, to the Contractor . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Confidential Information shall include , inter alia , proprietary technical and business information of the Employer, including but not limited to: ( i ) drawings, designs, maps, specifications, information relating to vendors, materials used, pricing etc. (ii) information in tangible or intangible form relating to released or unreleased products or services or the marketing or promotion thereof (including pricing), business policies or practices, financial condition, operations, facilities, equipment, software, procurement and/or purchasing requirements, customers (former, current, or potential), investors, employees, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, sales and merchandising data, or marketing methods and plans; (ii) patents and patent applications; (iii) techniques, designs, work schedules, sketches, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, processes, equipment, algorithms, and formulae related to current, future and/or proposed products and services, including information concerning research, development, design details, quantities and specifications; and any information received from third parties that the Contractor is obligated to treat as confidential. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor after the lapse of Defects Liability Period upon the remedying of the identified defects under Clause 11.6 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Defects Liability Period ” means a period six (06) months starting from the date of Taking Over Certificate for the Contractor to remedy , remove and cure any defects identified by the Employer as contained in Clause 11.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Effective Date ” means the 02 October , 2020 . 
 
 “ Engineer ” means, for the purposes of this Agreement , any competent person appointed by the Employer to act as the Engineer. 
 
 “ Intended Purpose ” means the completion of the rainwater drain pipeline free of d efects by the Contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to enable the Employer to divert rainwater from the existing pipeline in the normal course on the basis that ( i ) the construction, finishing and engineering is as per the Drawings and (ii) the Works are in accordance with the relevant Technical S pecifications set out in this Agreement . 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance ” means the interest free advance given by the Employer to the Contractor in accordance with Clause 6.1 of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ” means the guarantee submitted by the Contractor to the Employer in the form and manner prescribed by the Employer against the Mobilization Advance. 
 
 “ Retention Amount ” has the same meaning ascribed to it in Clause 5.5 . 
 
 “ Scope of Works ” means the scope and details of Works, as set out in Bill of Quantities/ Annexure B of the Agreement. 
 
 “ Project Site ” means the property located at 15-A Sector J, Phase II , DHA, Islamabad , owned by the Employer. 
 
 “ Taking Over Certificate ” means the certificate issued by the Employer to the Contractor under Clause 10.1 upon the satisfactory completion of Works. 
 
 “ Works ” means all the work relating to excavation, construction, completion and finishing of the pipeline by the Contractor in accordance with this Agreement and its Annexures including the remedying and removal of all defects identified by the Employer or Engineer . 
 
 “ Site ” the location and area identified by the Employer in the Technical Specifications or any such area identified by the Employer from time to time , on which the Works shall be undertaken and completed by the Employer . 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears: 
 
 A reference to a party is a reference to a party to this Agreement ; 
 
 A reference to a Clause, schedule or Annexure is a reference to a Clause or an Annexure to this Agreement; 
 
 A reference to this Agreement or another instrument includes any amendment or replacement of either of them; 
 
 A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactment’s or replacements of any of them; 
 
 The singular includes the plural and vice versa; 
 
 if a period of time is specified and it is from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day; 
 
 a reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four ( 24 ) hours later; 
 
 a reference to a month is a reference to a calendar month; 
 
 if any obligation under this Agreement is required to be performed on a day other than a business day, being a day (other than a Sunday or Public Holiday) on which banks are open for general banking business in Pakistan that obligation is to be performed on the next business day; and 
 
 A reference to the headings in the Agreement is for ease of reference only and is not to be taken into account in construction or interpretatio n. 
 
 No rule of construction shall apply to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible for the preparation of the Agreement or any part of the Agreement. 
 
 SCOPE OF WORKS 
 
 The Employer hereby agrees to avail the Contractor’s services and the Contractor hereby agrees to provide its services for the completion of Works and to perform all acts necessary and required for execution of all Works to be performed under this Agreement, as more fully described in th e Bill of Quantities, Technical Specifications and Drawings attached herewith as Annexures B, C and D respectively and the subsequent tasks for remedying and removal of any defects in the Works identified by the Employer (the “ Works ”) . 
 
 The following documents shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between the Parties hereto and shall override any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the Parties with respect to the Works to be done under this Agreement: 
 
 This Agreement 
 Letter of Acceptance - Annexure A 
 Bill of Quantities - Annexure B 
 Technical Specifications - Annexure C 
 Drawings - Annexure D 
 Any other document forming part of the Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 
 The Work shall be verified by the Employer who shall be the sole judge of the quality of Works done by the Contractor and the Employer retains the right to reject the Works if the same are not found in compliance with this Agreement, its Annexures or any specific direction (s), written or oral , of the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, fit for the Intended Purpose and in accordance with timelines provided in the Agreement. The Contractor’s performance shall be in accordance with recognized professional and industry standards, and it guarantees that the same shall be fit for the intended purpose, free of defect(s) and/or deficiency( ies ). 
 
 The Contractor’s obligations shall include any work which is necessary to satisfy the aforementioned obligations of the Contractor, or is implied by this Agreement, and all work which although not mentioned in this Agreement is necessary for stability or for the completion, or safe and proper construction and operation of the Works. 
 
 APPOINTMENT OF ENGINEER 
 
 The Employer shall appoint a qualified and competent person or persons to act as an e ngineer for the purpose of this Agreement who shall carry out all such duties as specified in the Agreement or as instructed by the Employer from time to time (the “ Engineer ”) . The Engineer may nominate a team of technical advisors and/or experts at its sole discretion to supervise, corroborate and authorize the Works done at the Site . All decision s and direction s issued by the Engineer shall be binding on the Contractor. 
 
 If in the opinion of the Engineer an emergency occurs affecting the safety of life or of the Works or of adjoining property( ies ), the Engineer may, without relieving the Contractor of any of its duties and responsibilities under the Agreement, instruct the Contractor to execute all such work or to do all such things as may, in the opinion of the Engineer, be necessary to abate or reduce the risk. The Contractor shall forthwith comply with any such instruction of the Engineer. 
 
 Except as expressly stated in the Agreement, the Engineer or any other representative of the Employer shall have no authority to relieve the Contractor of any of its obligations under the Agreement. 
 
 Wherever, under the Agreement, the Engineer is required to exercise this discretion by: 
 
 giving its decision, opinion or consent, or 
 
 expressing its satisfaction or approval, or 
 determining value, or 
 otherwise taking action which may affect the rights and obligations of the Employer or the Contractor 
 it shall exercise such discretion impartially within the terms of the Agreement and having regard to all the circumstances . 
 Any a pproval s , reviews , evaluations or inspection s by the Engineer of any part of the Works shall not relieve the Contractor of its sole responsibility and liability for the construction , stability, completion or execution of Works or any part thereof in accordance with the Agreement . N either the Engineer’s authority to act nor any decision made by him in good faith as provided for under the Agreement whether to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall give rise to any duty or responsibility of the Engineer to the Contractor, any s ubcontractor, any of their representatives or employees or any other person performing any portion of the Works. 
 COMMENCEMENT &amp; COMPLETION OF WORKS 
 The Contractor shall commence the Works on Site within seven (7) calendar days of Effective Date. Thereafter, the Contractor shall proceed with the Works with due expedition and without delay. 
 The Contractor shall bear all costs and charges for special or temporary way leaves required by him in connection with access to the Site. The Contractor shall also provide at its own cost any additional facilities outside the Site required by him for the purposes of the Works. 
 The whole of the Works and, if applicable, any Section required to be completed shall be completed within sixty (60) calendar days calculated from the Commencement Date (the “ Completion Period ”), or such extended time as may be allowed by the Employer. In the event that the Contractor fails to perform or fulfil its obligations during the Completion Period or any such a dditional p eriod as may be granted to the Contractor by the Employer , the Contractor shall be liable to pay damages as specified in Clause 17.1 ( Liquidated Damages ) . 
 In the event the Parties agree in writing to an increase in the quantity or scope of Works, the Employer, after due consultation with the Engineer, shall grant a reasonable extension in Completion Period. 
 The Parties hereby agree that any extension in the Completion Period under this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Employer. 
 PAYMENTS &amp; CONTRACT PRICE 
 For the completion of Works in accordance with this Agreement, the Contractor shall be entitled to and the Employer shall pay to the Contractor an amount equivalent to Rupees Five Million Three Hundred Forty-Two Thousand One Hundred and Forty- Nine ( Rs . 5,342,14 9 ) (exclusive of sales tax) (“ Contract Price ”) . 
 The Contractor shall issue to the Employer a monthly invoice (including all supporting documents) for the Work done during the preceding month (“ Interim Payment Certificate or IPC ”). The Employer shall make payments within twenty-one (21) working days after verification of the IPC by the Engineer, subject to any applicable deductions under this Agreement. 
 The Contract Price shall be subject to deduction of any and all applicable taxes, charges, fees and levies including withholding tax (WHT) in accordance with applicable laws . 
 
 In the event the Employer require s any addition to the W orks. For the additional Works, the Employer shall pay to the Contractor in accordance with the item rates specified in the Bill of Quantities. The e xtra i tem rates and their total impact of cost and/or time shall b e subject to approval of the Employer before carrying out the additional w ork. 
 A retention amount will be retained by the Employer at the rate of five percent (5%) of each Interim Payment Certificate submitted by the Contractor to the Employer (“ Retention Amount ”) to be used by the Employer for making good any W ork not performed in accordance with the Agreement or rectification of any defects. The Employer shall return the Retention Amount to the Contractor within fourteen (14) days of issuance of the Defects Liability Certificate, subject to any deductions or adjustments, in accordance with Clause s 6 &amp; 17 of the Agreement. 
 MOBILIZATION ADVANCE 
 
 An interest free Mobilization Advance amounting to a total of fifteen per cent (15%) of the Contract Price (“ Mobilization Advance ”) shall be paid by the Employer to the Contractor upon submission by the Contractor of a m obilization a dvance g uarantee for the full amount of the Mobilization Advance in the form and manner specified and acceptable to the Employer (“ Mobilization Advance Guarantee ”). 
 
 The Mobilization Advance shall be recovered from the Interim Payment Certificate submitted by the Contractor to the Employer at the rate of e ighteen per cent ( 18 %) of the submitted Interim Payment Certificate . 
 PERFORMANCE SECURITY 
 
 The Contractor shall , at its own cost and expense, provide a Performance Security to the Employer in the form of an insurance guarantee/ bond in favour of the Employer from a company of at least AA rat ing . The Performance Security shall be furnished or caused to be furnished by the Contractor within fourteen (14) d ays of the Effective Date and shall be for an amount equivalent to ten per cent (10%) of the Contract Price. 
 
 The P erformance S ecurity shall be valid until the Contractor has executed and completed the Works and remedied any defects therein in accordance with the Agreement . No claim shall be made against such security after the issuance of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate. 
 INSURANCES 
 
 The Contractor shal l , within s even ( 7 ) days of signing of the Agreement , obtain insurance coverage for all risks including inter alia : 
 
 the Works, together with materials for incorporation therein, to the full replacement cost ; 
 
 an additional sum of ten per cent (10%) of such replacement cost, to cover any additional costs of and incidental to the rectiﬁcation of loss or damage including professional fees and the cost of demolishing and removing any part of the Works and of removing debris of whatsoever nature ; 
 
 the Contractor’s e quipment and other things brought onto the Site by the Contractor, for a sum sufﬁcient to provide for their replacement at the Site ; 
 
 accident, death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person(s) arising out of or in relation to the Works or the Agreement; and 
 
 its employees, personnel, workmen and labour employed in connection with the Work and/or working at the Site. 
 
 
 The sum insured by the Contractor through the insurance obtained under Clause 8.1 above shall not be less than ten per cent (10%) of the Contract Price. 
 
 The insurance shall be in the joint names of the Contractor and the Employer and shall cover: 
 
 The Employer and the Contractor against all loss or damage from whatsoever cause arising in respect of the Works or any section or part thereof as the case may be , at any time from the commencement of Work s at the Site until the date of issu anc e of the relevant Taking - Over Certiﬁcate ; and 
 
 The Contractor for its liability: 
 
 during the Defects L iability Period for loss or damage arising from a cause occurring prior to the commencement of the Defects Liability Period, and 
 for loss or damage occasioned by the Contractor in the course of any operations carried out by him for the purpose of complying with its obligations under Clauses 11 ( Defects liability Period ). 
 
 The Contractor shall indemnify the Employer for any loss which it suffers as a result of not being able to recover under the above said insurances as a result of misrepresentation, non-disclosure, want of due diligence or breach of any declaration, condition or warranty contained in the relevant insurance policy. 
 
 Any amounts not insured or not recovered from the insurers shall be borne by the Contractor. 
 OBLIGATIONS OF THE CONTRACTOR 
 
 The Contractor shall complete the Works in accordance with this Agreement, and shall inter alia : 
 
 Temporarily divert the rainwater drain pipeline , e xcavate the trench and build compacted backfill in the drain as described in detail in the as Annexure B as well as remove and dispose of from the Site, all materials and anything that may be an obstruction to the completion of Work ; 
 
 Installation and construction of water stopper, water membrane, steel reinforcement bars and connection of old drain to the new drain , including provision of all m achinery and workmen required for the Works ; 
 
 The Contractor shall clear the entire Site completely, at the time of completion/handling over, of any waste-material, ponding, debris dust and dirt and littering with waste materials and unnecessary obstructions. Similarly, Site shall be kept clean and clear by the Contractor at all times during construction Works as well. 
 
 Provide and maintain adequate protection against fire, flooding etc., and not to create any undue hazardous conditions in connection with the Works at the Site; 
 
 Make adequate arrangements, at its own cost and expense, for dewatering of Site in case of flooding due to rain or any other reason; 
 
 Provide, at its own cost, all labour, equipment and machinery required for the Works and disposal of the materials from the Site; 
 
 Maintain the Site and any temporary sheds, structures or any other setup established thereon by the Contractor, as well as any facilities, such as water and sanitation, electricity, or any other facility required or utilised by the Contractor or its employees, agents or personnel, at the Contractor’s own cost; 
 
 Provide and maintain at its own cost all lights, guards, fencing, warning signs and surveillance, when and where necessary or required by the Engineer or by any duly constituted authority, for the protection of the Works, the Contractor’s personnel at Site and/or for the safety and convenience of the general public ; 
 
 Provide and maintain security at Site for the protection and safety of all materials, equipment, machinery, personnel or any unfinished work against theft, loss or damage. 
 
 Store and organize all materials, machinery and equipment in a neat and orderly fashion and such that full access to and within the Site is maintained at all times for the Employer, Engineer and all other persons and contractors;    
 
 Inform the Employer forthwith about any unknown existing utilities or connections discovered, uncovered or encountered while completing the Works under this Agreement and ensure that any such utilities are appropriately guarded and protected against damage, unless directed otherwise in writing by the Employer; 
 
 Take all reasonable steps to protect the environment on and off the Site and shall avoid causing any damage or nuisance in the form of pollution, noise or other causes arising as a consequence of the methods of conducting the Works; 
 
 Be responsible for maintaining and supervising all safety precautions in relation to the Works and shall take all reasonable safety precautions and provide all reasonable protection to prevent damage, injury, or loss to all personnel and subcontractors at the Site and all other persons affected by the Works, all materials and equipment in the care and custody of the Contractor or subcontractor, and the property at the Site and re move all such safety measures upon completion of the Work. 
 
 In addition to its own safety protocols and procedures, the Contractor shall strictly follow all the safety procedures and practices as laid down by the Engineer; 
 
 The Contractor shall adopt and ensure that all safety measures are being followed whilst operating the heavy machinery on the Site; 
 
 Execute the Works with utmost care and ensure that no damage, as a result of the completion of Works, is caused to the existing structure at the Site, which is in the form of pile works and live drainage pipelines (the “ Existing Structure ”). Any damage to the Existing Structure in any manner whatsoever shall be the exclusive responsibility and liability of the Contractor, and any such damage shall be repaired by the Contractor at its own expense as and when directed by the Engineer; and 
 
 Execute the Works in such a manner and with utmost care and caution so as to not cause any harm or damage to the adjacent property( ies ), including public pathways, roads etc. Any such damage shall be the exclusive responsibility of the Contractor and shall be repaired by the Contractor at its own expense . 
 
 The Contractor is bound to follow the time line of this Agreement which is the essence of this Agreement. 
 TAKING OVER CERTIFICATE 
 When the entire Works ha ve been substantially completed and have satisfactorily passed any tests on completion prescribed by the Agreement or the Engineer, the Contractor may give a notice to that effect to the Engineer, with a copy to the Employer, accompanied by a written undertaking to ﬁnish with due expedition any outstanding Work during the Defects Liability Period. Such notice and undertaking shall be deemed to be a request by the Contractor for the Engineer to issue a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate in respect of the Works. The Engineer shall, within fourteen (14) days of the date of delivery of such notice, either issue to the Contractor, with a copy to the Employer, a Taking - Over Certiﬁcate, stating the date on which, in its opinion, the Works were substantially completed in accordance with the Contract, or give instructions in writing to the Contractor specifying all the work which, in the Engineer’s opinion, is required to be done by the Contractor before the issue of such Certificate. The Engineer shall also notify the Contractor of any defects in the Works affecting substantial completion that may appear after such instructions and before completion of the Works speciﬁed therein. The Contractor shall be entitled to receive such Taking - Over Certiﬁcate within fourteen (14) days of completion, to the satisfaction of the Engineer, of the Works so speciﬁed and remedying any defects so notiﬁed. 
 The decision of the Engineer as to the date of Taking-Over of the Works or s ections thereof, shall be final and binding on the Contractor. 
 DEFECTS LIABILITY PERIOD 
 The Contractor shall be granted an additional defects liability period of six (6) months (the “ Defects Liability Period ”) calculated from the issuance of the Taking-Over Certificate in accordance with Clause 11.6 for making good and remedying any defects and damage in the Works conducted by the Contractor under this Agreement. 
 To the intent that the Works shall, at or as soon as practicable after the expiration of the Defects Liability Period, be delivered to the Employer in the condition required by the Agreement, fair wear and tear excepted, to the satisfaction of the Engineer, the Contractor shall: 
 
 Complete the Work, if any, outstanding on the date stated in the Taking—Over Certiﬁcate as soon as practicable after such date; and 
 
 Execute all such work of amendment, reconstruction, and remedying defects, shrinkages or other faults as the Engineer may, during the Defects Liability Period or within fifteen (15) days after its expiration, as a result of an inspection made by or on behalf of the Engineer prior to its expiration, instruct the Contractor to execute. 
 
 All works mentioned in Clause 11.2 shall be executed by the Contractor at its own cost and expense. In case of default on the part of the Contractor in carrying out such works within a reasonable time, the Employer shall be entitled to employ and pay other persons to carry out the same and all costs consequent thereon or incidental thereto , as determined by the Engineer , shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer, and may be deducted by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, f ailure of the Contactor to modify, rectify, amend or remedy the Works to the satisfaction of the Employer, shall be deemed to be a material breach of the Agreement and, without prejudice to other remedies available to the Employer, shall entitle the Employer, to deduct from the Contract Price as per Clause 5.4 and/or any outstanding payments owed by the Contractor to the Employer, an amount equivalent to the cost of remedying of any such defects. 
 
 The obligations of the Contractor shall not be considered completed or discharged under this Agreement until a Defects Liability Certiﬁcate is signed by the Employer and delivered to the Contractor stating the date on which the Contractor shall have completed its obligations to execute and complete the Works and remedy any defects therein to the Employer’s satisfaction. 
 
 The Defects Liability Certiﬁcate shall be given by the Employer within twenty-one (21) days after the expiration of the Defects Liability Period, or as soon thereafter as any Works instructed, pursuant to Clause 11.2 , have been completed to the satisfaction of the Employer. 
 
 Provided that the issue of the Defects Liability Certiﬁcate shall be a condition precedent to the payment of Retention Money to the Contractor by the Employer . 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS &amp; WARRANTIES BY THE CONTRACTOR 
 
 In addition to its covenants, representations and warranties contained elsewhere in this Agreement, the Contractor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Employer : 
 
 The Contractor is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the l aws of Pakistan and has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement . 
 
 The Contractor has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents and/or any contract by which it is bound. 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to the Employer that it shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations, whether local, regional or national which are applicable to any works related to or connected with performance of this Agreement , including the applicable labour and construction l aws of Pakistan. 
 
 The Contractor hereby represents and warrants to Employer that all necessary consents, approvals, licenses, permits authorizations in connection with the provision of Works including but not limited to those from any governmental or regulatory body, agency, department, commission, board, bureau or other authority, or such other persons, as the case may be, have been sought and obtained or will be sought, obtained and maintained, by the Contractor at its own cost and expense, from the relevant authorities by or before the provision of the Works. 
 
 The Contractor is in complete compliance with all permits/licenses, NOCs including temporary permits/licenses, to provide services etc. of the nature and type under this Agreement ; and is in complete compliance with all laws, rules and regulations of federal, state or local entities which may have jurisdiction over the Contractor such that any failure of compliance will not have an adverse effect on the Contractor ’s ability to enter, execute, deliver or consummate this Agreement . 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 There is no labour strike, dispute, slowdown or stoppage actually pending or threatened against or affecting the Contractor ’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement . 
 
 No representation or warranty by the Contractor in this Agreement , nor any statement or certificate furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf of the Contractor pursuant to this Agreement , nor any document or certificate delivered to the Employer prior or pursuant to this Agreement , or in connection with the transaction contemplated herein, contains or shall contain any false statement of material fact or omits or shall omit a material fact necessary to make the statement contained therein misleading. 
 
 The Contractor has sufficient skill, experience, technical know - how, capacity and resources, etc., necessary for the effective performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the satisfaction of Employer. 
 
 The Contractor ’s p ersonnel shall possess all skills, experience, training, competence, guidance and motivation required for the timely and efficient execution of the Works in accordance with this Agreement , to the satisfaction of the Employer. 
 
 The Works shall be in compliance with the Technical Specifications and D rawings and shall be fit for their I ntended P urpose. 
 
 The Contractor shall ensure that the Employer’s business reputation, name and goodwill are not affected by reason of any default/breach of this Agreement caused directly or indirectly by the Contractor or its employees, agents, vendors and subcontractors. 
 
 The Contractor and the Contractor ’s p ersonnel shall ensure that the Work are conducted in a diligent and c ost-efficient manner, through , inter alia , effective deployment and use of men in order to achieve the timely and efficient completion of the Works . 
 
 The machinery and equipment shall be used in accordance with the recommended/prescribed instructions for use. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS BY THE EMPLOYER 
 
 The Employer hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Contractor: 
 
 The Employer is a company validly existing and carrying on its business under the l aws of Pakistan . 
 
 The Employer has the power and authority under its constitutive documents, to enter into and perform this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereunder, and its entry into and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it do not constitute a breach of any obligation or default of such documents. 
 
 The Employer hereby represents and warrants to Contractor that it has the legal right and capacity to enter into this Agreement . 
 
 The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized and no other proceedings on part of any person are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby . 
 
 There are no proceedings pending, or threatened, ( i ) for its dissolution or bankruptcy or (ii) that could adversely affect the performance of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
 T he Employer shall grant access to the Contractor of the Site to enable the Contractor to commence Works on the Site. In the event of delay in Site access due to an event attributable solely to the Employer, the Completion Period shall be adjusted accordingly . 
 INSPECTION OF SITE &amp; DOCUMENTS 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have inspected and examined the Site and its surroundings and information available in connection therewith and to have satisfied itself (so far as is practicable, having regard to considerations of cost and time) before signing of the Agreement , as to: 
 The hydrological, geological, topographic, atmospheric and climatic conditions, 
 The extent and nature of work and materials necessary for the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, 
 The means of access to the Site and the accommodation the Contractor may require and, in general, shall be deemed to have obtained all necessary information, subject as above mentioned, as to risks, contingencies and all other circumstances which may inﬂuence or affect the Contractor’s execution of the Works and its obligations under the Agreement. 
 The designs, Drawings, Technical Specifications and all related documents, 
 Generally, all and any other local conditions of the Site that affect or may affect the Contractor’s execution of the Works and its obligations under the Contract. 
 
 The Contractor therefore hereby accepts all responsibility for having properly evaluated all costs and contingencies for successfully executing the Works and satisfying all obligations under the Contract and to bear all and any consequences resulting from its improper evaluation and interpretations. The Contractor undertakes to make no claims whatsoever or requests for variations, for price adjustments /escalations and/or time extensions based on its failure to sufficiently acquaint itself with the above-mentioned conditions and documents . 
 
 The Contractor shall be deemed to have based its acceptance of t ender on its own inspection , evaluation and examination of the data, documents and Site conditions. 
 SETTING OUT 
 
 The Contractor shall be responsible for: 
 
 The accurate setting-out of the Works in relation to original points, lines and levels of reference given by the Engineer in writing, 
 The correctness, subject as above mentioned, of the position, levels, dimensions and alignment of all parts of the Works, and 
 the provision of all necessary instruments, appliances and labour in connection with the foregoing responsibilities. 
 
 if, at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels, dimensions or alignment of any part of the Works, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall, at its own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer, unless such error is based on incorrect data supplied in writing by the Engineer . 
 
 The checking of any setting-out or of any line or level by the Engineer shall not in any way relieve the Contractor of its responsibility for the accuracy thereof and the Contractor shall carefully protect and preserve all bench-marks, slight-rails, pegs and other things used in setting-out the Works. 
 
 If at any time during the execution of the Works, any error appears in the position, levels dimensions, reinforcement or alignment of any part of the Works or if the Contractor uses unapproved, insufficient or rejected material, the Contractor, on being required so to do by the Engineer, shall at its own cost, rectify such error to the satisfaction of the Engineer. 
 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 The Contractor shall take all reasonable step s and must ensure that its employees, agents, officers, executives, representatives or contractors employed or hired by it, adequate ly protect the Confidential Information received from the Employer against theft, loss, damage, misplacement or leakage. The Contractor and its executives, officers, employees, representatives and agents shall not , without the prior written consent of the Employer, disclose any Confidential Information to any person or third except where such disclosure is required by order of court or operation of law. 
 
 This clause shall survive for a period of five (05) years after the termination and/or expiry of this Agreement. 
 LIQUIDATED DAMAGES 
 
 Liquidated damages will be imposed on the Contractor by the Employer at 0.05 % of the Contract Price per day of delay beyond the Completion Date, provided the total sum of liquidated damages shall not exceed ten per cent ( 10 % ) of the Contract Price. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the aforementioned liquidated damages are reasonable and constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty . However, payment of the liquidated damages shall not relieve the Contractor from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 TERMINATION 
 
 The Employer shall be entitled to terminat e this Agreement with immediate effect under, inter alia , the following circumstances: 
 
 The Contractor fails to commence the Works ; 
 
 The Contractor fails to obtain consent of the Employer as and when required under this Agreement; 
 
 The Contractor fails to furnish any of the guarantees and securities required under this Agreement; 
 
 The Contractor fails to comply with the d esign , Technical Specifications, Drawings or any other d ocument or annexures of this Agreement or any written or oral instructions of the Employer or the Engineer ; 
 
 The Contractor fails to remedy , cure and remove any defects identified by the Employer or the Engineer ; 
 
 The Contractor files for bankruptcy (voluntary or involuntary), liquidation or dissolution; 
 
 The Contractor fails to pay the liquidated damages and the liquidated damages have reached the maximum limit as specified in Clause 17.1 ; 
 
 The Contractor is found in breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or any of the guarantees hereunder; 
 
 The representations and warranties given by the Contractor are found to be untrue, false, inaccurate or incomplete ; and 
 
 Any other reason the Employer deems fit. 
 
 In the event of the Employer: 
 
 Failing to pay to the Contractor the amount due under any IPC within sixty (60) days after the payment was to be made, subject to any deduction that the Employer is entitled to make under the Contract, or 
 Becoming bankrupt or, being a company, going into liquidation, other than for the purpose of a scheme of reconstruction or amalgamation, 
 the Contractor shall be entitled to terminate the Contract by giving written notice to the Employer, with a copy to the Engineer. Such termination shall take effect thirty (30) days after the date of such notice. 
 In case of the termination of this Agreement, the Employer shall pay to the Contract or the amount determined and certified by the Engineer , at its sole discretion, after investigation or enquiries as t he Engineer may think ﬁt to make or institute , as: 
 
 the amount (if any), at the date of notice of termination, reasonably earned by or accrue d to the Contractor in respect of the Work s actually done under the Agreement ; and 
 
 the value of any of the unused or partially used raw materials, equipment and any temporary W orks. 
 
 The decision of the Engineer shall be final and binding on the Parties. If the Employer terminates the Contractor's employment under Clause 18 , it shall not be liable to pay to the Contractor any further monies, including any damages or any other direct or indirect loss suffered by the Contractor due to such termination . 
 
 LATENT DEFECTS 
 
 In case if there is any latent defect in the Works, for which the Contractor is proven responsible, at any time before or after the issuance of Defects Liability Period, but not later than five (5) years from the date of issuance of Defects Liability Certificate, in such an event the Contractor shall be liable for removing any such defects in the Works and accordingly be liable for damage and loss caused suffered by the Employer due to such defects. 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 The Contractor agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Employer, its directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, losses, settlements, judgments, damages, costs and expenses etc. (including but not limited to reasonable attorney’s fees and costs), whether or not involving a third party claim, which arises out of or relate to the Contractor’s act, omission, error or negligence or from breach of any representation or warranty of the Contractor as contained herein, or as a result of its failure to fulfill, or breach of, its obligations hereunder or otherwise owed to the Employer. 
 
 The Contractor shall, except if and so far as the Agreement provides otherwise, indemnify the Employer against all losses and claims in respect of: 
 
 Death, injury, permanent or temporary disablement to any person, and 
 loss of or damage to any property (other than the Works), which may arise out of or in consequence of the execution and completion of the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and against all claims, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses (including legal expenses). 
 FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 Either Party shall be excused from the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement and such obligation shall be extended by a period reasonable under the circumstances if the performance thereof is prevented or delayed by industrial disputes or any cause beyond the affected Party's reasonable control which, without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include acts of God, riots, wars, accidents, lockdowns, pandemics, embargo, requisition or stoppage of works by the government. 
 
 The Party which cannot continue its obligations under the Agreement shall inform the other Party about the starting and finishing of the Force Majeure event in writing immediately but not later than ten (10) days from starting date of Force Majeure condition. If an event of Force Majeure prevents only partially the performance of either Party’s obligations under this Agreement, such Party shall remain liable for the performance of its obligations not affected by the force majeure event. 
 
 In case of occurrence of a Force Majeure event, an extension of time may be requested by the Contractor from the Employer in writing, which the Employer shall grant at its sole discretion. However, if the Force Majeure event continues for a period longer than forty (40) days, the Parties may mutually agree to terminate this Agreement under Clause 18. 
 GENERAL 
 All notices, requests, demands, statements and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand against receipt, sent by registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), carried by overnight/ international courier service, or transmitted by telefax to the respective party at the addresses given hereinabove or such other address as from time to time may be designated by notice from the respective party to the other party. Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the date and time of: ( i ) receipt or first refusal of delivery, if sent via certified or registered mail or delivered by hand; (ii) posting thereof, if sent via overnight/ international courier service; or (ii) either the date sent (if sent during the receiving party’s normal business hours) or next succeeding date on which the receiving party is normally open for business, if sent by telefax provided that the sender’s transmission report shows the entire facsimile to have been received by the recipient. 
 Nothing contained in  this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute the grant of any license or other right in either Party, to or in respect of any work product, patent, design, logos, brand names, trademark, Confidential Information, trade secret or other data or any other intellectual property of the other Party . 
 
 The Contractor shall not subcontract the whole or any part of the Works without the prior written consent of the Employer. The Contractor shall be solely liable for all acts, errors defaults, negligence or omission s of such employed or hired sub-contractors. Any hiring or employment by the Contractor for the execution and completion of Works shall not create any legal relationship between the Employer and such independent employees or sub- c ontractors of the Contractor. 
 
 The Parties intend that the relationship created between them by this Agreement shall be as independent contractors. This Agreement is not to be construed in any way as creating any partnership, principal-agent, master-servant, joint venture or other similar relationship between the Parties. 
 
 The Contractor (including through its affiliates, representatives, employees, agents etc.) shall make no public announcement or press release or publicity of any kind whatsoever related to or in connection with the Works on behalf of the Employer without the prior written consent of the Employer. 
 
 This Agreement is executed pursuant to and shall be construed under and governed exclusively under the laws of Pakistan. 
 
 If any dispute or difference arises between the Parties in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, the Parties undertake to use all reasonable endeavors , in good faith, to settle the dispute through negotiations. In the event the Parties are unable to resolve any dispute within fifteen (15) days of its arising, then the dispute will be submitted for arbitration by an arbitration panel composed of three (3) arbitrators. Such arbitration shall be conducted under the Arbitration Act 1940, in the English language, at Lahore . The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon both the Parties including the decision of its costs. 
 
 The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any one or more provisions of this Agreement or any part thereof are declared or adjudged to be illegal or invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the other provisions herein, which shall remain in full force and effect, and the Parties shall substitute the affected provisions in such a way that to the maximum extent possible the substitution carries out the original intent of the Parties as to the point or points in question. 
 
 This Agreement and its Annexures shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties in respect of the subject-matter hereof, and expressly supersedes and replaces any previous, oral or written, agreements, and understandings between the Parties. 
 
 The Agreement may be executed, accepted and delivered in two counterparts, both of which shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have signed the Agreement, having fully understood the conditions set therein, of their own free will, in the presence of witnesses. 
 
 SIGNED BY : 
 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of CONTRACTOR 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of EMPLOYER 
 Mr. Hamza Zahoor 
 
 Fahad Arif Khawaja 
 CNIC No. 82203-4047431-1 
 
 CNIC: 35202-2881321-3 
 Date: 2 nd November, 2020 
 
 Date: 2 nd November, 2020 
 
 
 
 For and on behalf of EMPLOYER 
 Adil Kamal 
 CNIC: 31202-9247547-3 
 Date : 2 nd November, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 WITNESSED BY: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name: _______________________ 
 CNIC: _______________________ 
 Date: _______________________ 
 
 Name: ______________________ 
 CNIC: ______________________ 
 Date: ______________________